We get the politicians we deserve.

If he is elected for president, then God bless America. :-)zOMFGROFLMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1The name is the best part. 

;)


Bojangles\>.<Hue hue hue hue hue hueThis is beautiful. your question is based on the assumption that people believe everything they read and do no further research. google "cross-referencing", "research", "scientific method" to find out how people can get passed the maze of bullshit surrounding you. then start proving some shit wrong - like common conspiracy theories that are plausible. youll learn some interesting stuff and end up hating most people. 

nothing is very simple. heres an example. 
obamas birth certificate. simple right? you know there was a bunch of articles claiming the certificate was fake, a bunch claiming it was real, and then a shitload of retarded people arguing over the topic. both sides - completely retarded. even the "experts" were talking out their asses.

side 1: "the certificate is fake, its got layers, copy+pasted check boxes, drawn over lettering"
side 2: "its real - because its the president" 

dumbasses. ive made a few birth certificates, licenses, various other things 10 years ago. it took over a year for me to find out with 100% certainty that the birth certificate was legitimate because i require proof. i ran down this rabbit hole because the proof was in the file and i knew it.

because nobody showed any legitimate way to reproduce the anomalies in the birth certificate. a bunch of people on youtube, tv, articles claimed to have ways, but i checked them all and they were all inadequate to consider proof - to actually reproduce the results found in the "fake obama birth certificate". the administration said it was OCR - that was clearly wrong, i had to find out what OCR was in order to find that. people claimed it was a sophisticated printer - i never found proof of that, people found ways to produce layers  - but not layers like the ones found in the certificate. etc etc etc - millions of dumbasses and sheep all claiming to know something while KNOWING absolutely nothing.

i like to KNOW shit and really know it. so i do this thing nobody else does, its called research and it requires proof.

the solution was a tick box nestled deep in the optimization preferences of adobe acrobat. based on all evidence, and being able to finally reproduce a certificate and get it to come out exactly the same way obamas was - i found out the certificate was legitimate.

anyways - its like this.
nothing is that simple, most people are dumb enough they should be sterilized, both sides are nuts and talking out their ass, the news doesnt care about facts, the experts are full of shit, you're on your own. you can only rely on your own research, and thats only if you're smart enough to identify facts vs bullshit. 

why did i give a shit in the first place. the claims that the certificate was doctored were easily plausible, just by looking at it - zoomed in. nobody presented an actual way to reproduce the anomolies. the administration gave an inaccurate explanation. the experts were all wrong - and if it was actually fake, the implications are enormous. think about it, if he could get away with a fraud that big in front of the entire world - it mattered.

fortunately i proved the conspiracy theorists wrong, and i still have disdain for all parties that claimed or parrotted conclusions though they had none and still dont.


tldr
research, motherfucker. do you do itInteresting thanks.

> Arnold Schwarzenegger 150/1

Arnie actually just got confirmed as the next host for The Apprentice. I don't think he is illegible You are correct. Also I dont mean to be a grammar nazi but I think you mean "eligible". But i totally agree that his name is so complex its nearly illegible!right right good callIn july, it was around 18 to 1To be fair neither did Donald Trump's son. Or he's a judo master dressed as the "perfect victim" on the bus just waiting to pounceHe wont exit the subway alive.Or just somebody who's finally sick of shitty handouts and empty promises of a safety net increase and is sick of living off $140 a month in EBT and would rather support business and enterprise instead of union bosses and gov't bureaucrats.  Maybe the guy genuinely wants to see this country actually get better at something rather than get shittier at everything seemingly everyday


Hey guys you hear about how Iran magically found a giant stockpile of Uranium yesterday?  Right after they signed our pretend nuke deal.  Google....

http://www.breitbart.com/big-hollywood/2015/09/12/trump-gives-jimmy-fallon-best-friday-ratings-in-18-months/funny
If the trailer to Jonathan Butler's greatest film taught me anything, it's that "real recognizes real". Good on you Señor Trump.Stupidity is taking control of this countryConsidering our similar post histories, are you not in favor of Trump? Do you rather have Bernie cuckold? I am in favour of trump.

The comment means that:

* 33% of women is high. I thought mostly men would vote trump.

* The 31% of guys voting trump are probably disproportionately alpha. And the 69% who arent are betas who will change their opinion to get the attention of women as they are beta

Its mostly a joke but there may be some truth to itah. this makes much more sense. http://www.slate.com/content/dam/slate/blogs/the_slatest/2015/08/22/video_trump_supporter_yells_out_white_power_during_alabama_rally/484797712-republican-presidential-candidate-donald-trump-greets.jpg.CROP.promovar-mediumlarge.jpgPerfect! Thanks mate.Don't do it about Donald Trump, do it about something like Putin. Is the school forcing you to do this?No I just really want to it is gonna be greatWhat do you have against Donakd Trump?its trendy to not like donald trump. i think the kiddies all think he was just a reality tv star.These kids and adults are so fucking dumb. Imagine when the older gen dies.Here: http://s30.postimg.org/7124ixom9/trump_hair.jpghttps://watchingthewheelsdad.wordpress.com/2015/09/14/trump-part-2-this-is-what-fascism-looks-like/Where are the laser beams for the sharks?
Glad to see Trump still running strong.Smh. people actually support Trump -_-I love how you came to /r/trump to say this>Moderator of /r/trump.

>posts to /r/whitekighnting.

>posts to /r/4chan.

>posts to trp with the name "Chad Thundercock"

I am combo triggered by your presence. At this point, I cant even.U mad m8he's the first independent republican.And they better be PDF's with small margins too or he's lost my vote as well...  /sHe hasn't really revealed much else about his policies in his campaign. 

Best bet is to read one of his books, I'm planning on getting *Time to get tough* from my library soon because it supposedly outlines the rest of his policies. I was thinking Trump is viable until he didn't know who Soleimani is and lied about it. He couldn't be bothered to learn a little bit about major players in world events? He didn't anticipate ever getting a question like that? I think he's right about the big picture, and maybe he doesn't need to know details until he's faced with them, but trying to bluff is a weakness. Maybe that's all he is, just hot air and entertainment. I still don't see anyone else on the horizon though. What does a president need to be? Maybe he's worth taking a chance on. > Soleimani

He is not really that major of a player that everyone must know about him though. If and when Trump becomes president, he can learn the specific names.
His web effort is a joke, I wrote to him about it but he hasn't responded. If you're going to make banter don't do it to Donald trump. He's the fucking king of itNo clue why this is being downvoted.  It's perfect.  It's literally the logic behind _almost_ every Trump supporter that I've met.  They're "tired of dishonest politicians" and want to "send a message/giant fuck you to capitol hill" etc.  It's not about whether he would actually make a good president.  Just some level of angst against our current administration.  This is downvoted because this sub is kind of Pro-Trump apparently.I feel like a good portion of reddit is kind of pro-trump, actually.  While some posts bashing him are well received (IF they're funny), the top response is usually berating them for making fun of people for being pro-trump, or explaining why they think he's a good candidate.  

There seems like there's paid shills for trump around as well.  People who can't/wont explain why they support him, only that they do.  And say shit like "Even though I'm extremely liberal, I think Trump is our best chance" etc.  Shit no one in their right mind would say.  He's no Mother Theresa, but I don't really get the hate, compared to, say, Dick Cheney, who is a mass murderer.you are a joke.existence of you being is thanks to those mass murderess. Ha haI'm willing to bet that a well placed #picstitch meme can do more to hurt Donald Trump's chances of winning the presidency than any coverage from a major 24 hour news network. 
Just out of curiosity, let's see if my theory holds. 
Share this photo with the hashtag #DonaldTrumpDarkSide and let the good times role. 
#donaldtrump #trump #thedonald #trump2016 #emperor #palpentine #starwars #darkside #politicsMaymays are our last hope!>*Trump declined the reporters’ request to share a favorite line of scripture from the Bible — which he has repeatedly referred to as his favorite book.*

“I wouldn’t want to get into it, because to me that’s very personal,” Trump said at the time. When asked whether he preferred the Old Testament or New Testament, Trump replied, “Uh, probably … equal. I think it’s just an incredible, the whole Bible is incredible.”

-- Pretty rich stuff. No desert for daddy tonight.Enforcing the laws of the country - total litigation nightmare! Noticing a lot of hate for Trump on Reddit, but this comment is great!More people need to see this. Politics is a dirty business. Your activists are bought and paid to disrupt the opposition. Couldn't said it better myself.If I didn't know better, it almost sounded like the Trump supporter thought Univision was a country.  

Can someone please tell this guy to go back to TV Land?Well, the 'hedge fund guys', yes they do need to be paying a bit more. He's not saying *all* rich guys, but these people who are exploiting IRS loopholes to avoid paying the tax they should be paying on their earnings. He has no problem paying more himself he saidhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RDrfE9I8_hsTrump was not offensive at all. If you want smear material, this is desperate. LolRespect decorum or get kicked out; it's that simple. I can't wait until those sjw's from blm try to pull their crap with Trump. It will be glorious!He was right to do it! After he did it, he said that he would welcome Ramos back if he behaved in a civil manner. An excellent analogy to what our nation should do with Mexicans and the southern border!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mrdjM6qtkrs

Trump's first deportation.That was tight. I hate watching news, talk shows, interviews, press releases and its just people trying to yell over each other. That guy didn't shut the fuck up. Ah, yes. The pussy who gave into the BLM protesters even though he was a huge civil rights activist. AND has no grasp on how the economy works.Indeed. The way he bent over to some random SJW woman is just embarrassing.

I can imagine how he would bend over in international conferences to avoid being labeled "insensitive" or god forbid it "racist".not sure if you actually looked at the twitter account but it's not a fan page lolOh lolhttps://youtu.be/zrWoG8IckyEWhat a cuck.Holy shit that's a lot of white people. Hello friend, it was in fact quite a lot of white people, but there were also plenty of other ethnicities represented as well.  I'm actually Mexican and fully support Trump.I myself am waiting to see more of the candidates plans before making any decisions on who to vote for, but I must say I like the way Trump speaks his mind.Well, it's easy to find "Where's Waldo" with that crowd - just point to anyone. "oh that was Photoshopped" - any liberal shillI actually thought this was a real article up until 'imposing physique' lmaoHe is pretty tall and large. And he once got involved in a WWE fight!A very American picture.  
Things to love:

&nbsp;

-feels like a Norman Rockwell painting  
-all those women who want to touch the Donald  
-the honesty in that sign  

&nbsp;

Also, is Don-Don wearing body armor here? Based ZB GarrisonGLORY TO HOUSE TRUMPFucking hell this got me hardBen Garrison lolWhat a pile of fetid shit... Any motherfucker who buys this narrative shouldn't vote. Period. Please, tell us how you really feel.YES!Donald has always been my favorite politician for this very reason.If you're voting on a candidate based on their political-correctness, or lack thereof - perhaps I should run - I'd be ahead of Trump at this point. Because he hides his xenophobic, sexist horseshit behind "not being PC"? Fuuuuuuuck that noise. We're on r/trumpforpresident

Those guys have the same number of subscribers. We must push for this to reign supreme! I will advertise it a bit on other subreddits and try to boost our numbers.

Ill look into the best options for subreddit theme CSS too.Lol...it's got nothing to do with Sanders.  Trump is just a chump./r/the_donald is the premier Trump subreddit. Because he has no political background.This is the first actual reason someone like T. Thanks, bin.Just to elaborate a bit on the details...

His business background gives him negotiation experience.  He has negotiated with politicians before, but he is not a politician.  He is not taking money from anyone, and in fact turned down 5 million dollars from a friend because he knew there would be implied favors attached.  He didn't want to insult the guy by taking his money and then doing him no favors.and don't forget the bankruptcies, he has lots of experience on that subject Really? You truly think Trump is worried about insulting someone? Why is it that Trump supporters don't believe anything a 'politician' says, but somehow think Trump is being truthful?? People, they ALL say whatever they need to say to be elected. WAKE UP!! He's a fabulous negotiator - for himself. Nothing he says can be trusted. Does he really care about any of us, rich or poor? He believes anyone who is not him is an idiot. He probably thinks you are great. Stop supporting him and you're an idiot. You want that mentality in the White House?  He doesn't need the corporate billionaires, because he IS ONE of them. A leader that doesn't rely on anyone else and does whatever he wants could also be called a dictator. He'll do what is best for him and his business buddies. I really don't mean to sound condescending because I understand the appeal to want a fresh approach. Trump is just not that. He's playing you all.It's like watching Jersey Shore.  Something even more outrageous every day.  And utterly without shame.The amount of smug in this post is astounding.  It's pretty telling that you latched onto the first anti-trump comment and make the assumption that all trump supporters are racist.  It's exactly this sort of rhetoric that is pushing sensible people away from race-baiting imbeciles and towards straight talking candidates like Trump.  

People are sick of this PC bullshit where you either toe the party line or get called a racist or a bigot.   It's all so one sided.  You don't like Obama?  You're a racist!  You don't support the tactics of the thugs in "Black Lives Matter?" Racist!  You don't like Hilary?  Sexist!  

The hypocrisy is mind-numbing.  Where are black lives matter and Al Sharpton when blacks are killing each other in record numbers in Chicago?  Where were they when a 9 year old girl was shot and killed in her bed in a drive-by a block away from the Ferguson protests?  The only time these charlatans give a shit is when they can get people pissed off and advance their own agenda.  

I like Trump because he's the only one willing to call these crooks on their bullshit.  He gives it to everyone, no matter if there's an R or a D in front of their name.  He calls out bullshit and injustice where he sees it.  You can say you don't like his tone or his rhetoric, but you can't argue against the substance of his argument.  

Go over to /r/politics or /r/liberal if you want to bask in an echo chamber.  Plenty of Ad hominem and smug satisfaction there to go around, I'm sure you can find someone to revel in your hatred.While I absolutely agree with you on his "idgaf I call it like I see it" attitude, and I admire it, I still don't think he has any ability to actually be the President. To answer the questions in your third paragraph -- there actually are black activist movements addressing violence within the black community all the time. The news tends to focus more on inter-racial violence than intra-racial violence (violence between members of the same race).

>Where are black lives matter and Al Sharpton when blacks are killing each other in record numbers in Chicago?

The Black Lives Matter movement is specifically about violence against black americans by law enforcement (a separate issue), so black-on-black violence isn't the focus of that particular organization.

As for Al Sharpton, he and other civil rights leaders are very involved in counteracting black-on-black violence. [Here is an example](http://nationalactionnetwork.net/featured/rev-sharpton-leaders-at-gun-violence-summit-at-chicago-state-university-2/) of one of the ways Al Sharpton and other leaders took action to counteract gun violence in Chicago.

You won't normally find these types of things on the national news, but if you look it up you'll find that the black community is taking action on black-on-black violence on local, state and national levels all the time. [Here's an example](http://www.lcsun-news.com/las_cruces-entertainment/ci_28628749/airwaves-moms-crack-down-chicago-gun-violence) of action at a local level by a group of moms (MASK: Moms Against Senseless Killings) in one of Chicago's most violent neighborhoods.> "The only time these charlatans give a shit is when they can get people pissed off and advance their own agenda."

Yep, sounds very familiar.

>"You can say you don't like his tone or his rhetoric, but you can't argue against the substance of his argument."

Really listen to his next speech for real substance. 90% of what he says is about how great he is, or what a fool everyone else is. Count the number of times he says I. Yet his supporters seem to think he will work for their agenda. Unreal.  everytime you disagree with a liberal, you are racist, sexist or a homophobe (though they always mis-use that term because **nobody is afraid of gays**)So, your thought process is - because you don't like being labeled as a racist or sexist because of your views - you're going to label every liberal as crooks and full of bullshit?  Makes sense I guess.  You don't like labeling, so you go the emo route and label everyone else.  I'll quote yourself "The hypocrisy is mind-numbing".

Also, freely saying anything without a filter != having substance of argument.  Any idiot could get up on a podium and spout nonsense.  I didn't label the crooks as liberals, in fact I intentionally left it open ended saying he goads reps and dems alike. I cited examples of specific liberals I think are crooks or thugs because op is clearly a liberal and arbitrarily made this about race.

You read what you wanted to in my post so it's hard to respond to this kind of petulance, you'll twist my words just like you twist Trump's. It's easy to get taken hold of by propaganda when there's someone in a crowd screaming solutions left and right and being charismatic.  I believe we seen that during Obama's presidency, did we not?

The fact of the matter is, these type of loose cannons never actually really sit down and think about a problem.  There's no logical process that they adhere to.  

Let's take Trump as an example.  He's wanting to build a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border.  What purpose would that serve?  To keep immigrants out?  No.  There's fences now and they don't keep immigrants out, wtf is a wall going to do other than spend tax payer money. 

Additionally, this is a proposed solution to the effect of a cause.  Logical individuals do not propose solutions for an effect, they propose solutions for the cause itself.  What causes immigrants to flee whatever country they come from? What solutions can we put into place to counter theses wants to flee from their country of origin?  Is the process for getting into the U.S. too complicated to begin with?  Is there room for process improvement in this area?

Looking to fix the cause of an issue will simultaneously fix the effects of the issue.  Trump has shown he can't reason, and shows a display of tunnel vision - while simply spouting off uneducated nonsense that in the grand scheme of things will just either be a waste of time, money, or resources.

We need someone leading this country who can be as charismatic and forceful as Trump - but have the intellectual know-how to fix issues at their source, not fix the aftereffects of such issues.Where are black lives matter and Al Sharpton when blacks are killing each other in record numbers in Chicago?

Go fuck yourself asshole. Why don't you pull your fucking head out of your asshole and use google 

http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/opinion/chapman/ct-black-crime-ferguson-sharpton-jason-riley-steve-20140820-column.htmlThat article, despite being from the Chicago Tribune (a left leaning rag) actually kind of proves my point.  It took sharpton until november, after months and months of shootings and black on black crime, to finally make it out there.  This after getting poked and prodded by fox news & co for his pandering.  

If you've got any articles from politico or huffpo send them my way XD

>Go fuck yourself asshole

calm down buddy, or are you a navy seal who will track me down?I'm just tired of morons parroting the same old lazy bullshit. The black community has been dealing with this for decades and fuck faces like you who don't give a fuck like to spew your toxic bullshit  of "what about black on black violence". Your a LOSER in the words of Trump. 

You're a victim of a selective media. must sux to be youIt does suck having to deal with morons.I want to watch the world burn. 

Just kidding. I doubt I will actually vote for him. 

For now though, he's entertaining. He's anti establishment. Most of what he says is true. I don't care if it's impractical nonsense. There's no one else I like better right now. 

I honestly can't believe that no one has stepped up to challenge Hillary Clinton yet besides Bernie Sanders. She lost any chance at my trust with this email scandal. I think she's proven time and again that she cannot handle criticism or tough situations very well. 

Sanders is my second favorite candidate behind Trump. I haven't seen that much of him yet but I like his position on most issues. He's a little crotchety though. If you mute the TV it looks like he's yelling at people to get off his lawn. I'll consider him more thoroughly later if he's still around.

So, yeah, for now... Team Trump all the way! Or until anyone decent comes along. Whichever comes first. I'd be curious as to what your results would be for that isidewith.com political quiz.

Not many people who support Trump and for whom Bernie is a #2 choice.Took it last week. It was something like 93 for Bernie and 89 for Hillary. OOOO!

Just took it. I'm Canadian, so it doesn't matter, but:

79% Bernie Sanders
73% Rand Paul
73% Joe Biden
73% Mike Huckabee
72% Hillary Clinton
70% Donald Trump
97% Bernie Sanders 89% Hillary Clinton 87% Joe Biden 83% Martin O'Malley

Not a single Republican candidate scored over 52% for me.> [I don't care if it's impractical nonsense](http://i.imgur.com/niKQs4E.jpg)

Fun fact: Everything related to photos of Trump on his website is titled "Hero" or some variation on it in the HTML source.

Edit: And positions literally has one link under it, to immigration reform.You know that a "hero" image is a common term in web design that signifies a main image, rotator, or prominently displayed image?  Has nothing to do with him being a hero.I've been designing web front ends for years and didn't know that.  Learn something new every day.I've only seen the term used in the last 2 years or so.That's no fun.

Edit: but thanks for pointing that out, since I didn't know that.Hahaha! That's so Trump. The crazier he gets the more I like him. 


Because leftist bullies are the #1 threat to the western world right now, followed by ensuring Artificial Intelligence is equitably impacting all people for the better and is friendly or at least benign by design, then bio terrorism through virus DNA manipulation, then nuclear proliferation. That's how serious the bullying by the left is right now - because it ensures we can't debate or get traction on life or death issues - which means solutions aren't proposed and enacted - it's just a slow slide to a banana republic after that. All the AI issues and nuclear proliferation issues won't get addressed because the left will be shouting down people calling them racist on loop on CNN. I'd count people like you with your smug attitude willing to throw under the bus the silent majority among those people. It's not too late to change.Artificial intelligence? Virus manipulation? What the fuck is wrong with you?Nobody is intelligent enough to have any idea what artificial intelligence is capable of. The greatest minds in science fiction and even scientists like Stephen Hawking warn that AI could be mankind's downfall. It could become ridiculously smart and no one would be the wiser as it makes its plays. Manipulate the stock market? Manipulate the presidency? Hacking? Make Drones misfire? Who fucking knows what it could do but don't act like you know it's not a threat just because you can't imagine iRobot happening.No no, that's not the issue. I'm pretty sure everyone agrees that artificial intelligence represents a very real threat, if not managed correctly. 

It has more to do with, what the flying fuck does that have to do with trump...or "lefties" or politics...or anything.Because there is no coherency of debate in America - these issues can't be addressed properly. If they can't be proactively addressed things will go wrong.

The US Government would be more AWOL under a Clinton or Bush administration - and with it the US military, DARPA and corporations (remember Google had surprisingly close connections to both the Obama white house and the CIA - and Google/Alphabet is THE Machine learning company, it has all the robotics companies of note under its wing). All those organizations are the biggest threat to a good outcome technologically for all of us if not audited and awareness of their activities increased because that is where it will take place first. 

The state has no power to defend you from a Bioterrorist tweaking viruses into a new destructive strain right in America when cheap desktop bio-labs hit in the 5~ year timeframe - people need to get that message - people need to stop thinking the Government is the solution, because then people will begin grassroots projects proactively to say 'if our state or city is hit, how can we counter it? why don't we solve this problem proactively instead of waiting for the federal government to deign giving an interest' - that goes against the left wing narrative of relinquishing responsibility to a (supposedly competent) federal government. Trump is the only person who may be able to get part of that message through to both Democrats and Republicans. There are small government Republican types but they will be dismissed before they even open their mouths. Despite what the left wing media tells you there are a lot of non Republicans that aren't anti-Trump.

The leftwing tactic of political control is to saturate people's senses with confusing and accusatory messages and narratives that make it hard to even get a word in about not being racist let alone proactively tackle problems BEFORE they arise. The problem is that all those problems, Bioterrorism, rogue AI - under the current model a crisis will happen first and then people will start talking about it. There needs to be a great unification of focus in America to recognize the divisive forces trying to stop the ability to debate coherently. Bush won't try to do that - Bush is the Status quo, special interest pretend conservative. Clinton and Sanders will further divide for another 8 years. The Small government republicans are better perhaps all things being equal than Trump - but they are a known enemy of the left - their character is already assassinated and they will not be listened to. Trump has ad hominem attacks thrown at him but he publicly brushes them off and shows how two can play that game - its the difference between being caught in a spiders web or tearing through it.You're making a lot of wild accusations here, and no offense but they sound a bit paranoid. Phrases like "the leftwing tactic of political control", you're painting broad strokes here with a very thick brush. Whatever you think of Obama, Sanders, Hillary, etc...I'd like to see some actual sources (credible ones...that excludes Fox News, for instance) and less conjecture, inference and innuendo.  
Existential risks are substantial and serious problem. I'm confused though at how you think the failure to pay attention has anything to do with the left, and moreover, how you think having Donald Trump in charge would do anything whatsoever to pay more attention to existential risk issues. I..wait what?Take off your foil hat freak I don't like Donald.  Not one bit.  I won't call him an idiot though.  I'm sure his intelligence is above average.

If I were going to like him, I would say that "a political background makes you part of the failed policies of the past and a non-political background would be a fresh start".  I mean, that's one reason to like him.

Another would be that he is rich.  Some people really like rich people.  Calvinists for instance.  Wealth is a sign of God's love, don't ya know?  He bears the fruit of success, which is a sign of his religious rightness.

Finally, he says whatever the heck he wants with no filter.  That suggests his opinions are honest.  He's not lying to people when he talks generally, he just says whatever comes to mind.

Those are all legit reasons to support Trump, beyond "I hate me sum messikans"
Because he isn't afraid to say things the rest of the establishment shies away from.

Because he wants to kick illegals out and finally build and staff the border fence

Because he has no political background - he's not a 'beltway insider', he's not a 'career politician' only concerned with keeping his comfy position.

Because he doesn't need SuperPACs and fundraising to run for President

Because he represents the non-political class, the working class, private business owners and is not just looking out for special interests.

He is even attacking weak spineless RINOs like Boehner, who say they're going to fight and back down at any resistance/blowback

HE HAS NO POLITICAL BACKGROUND - the original politicians in this country were not concerned with their office as a day job. They didn't make a whole lot for being an elected representative. They had real jobs - business owners, farmers, doctors, lawyers and were chosen by their local peers to represent them in Washington when Congress and Senate met a few times a year to debate and write legislation. Then they went back home to their real jobs. The problem with politicians these days is that outside of the President, nothing else is supposed to be a full time job. Once elected, Congressmen and Senators go back into campaign mode for the next cycle to make sure nothing happens to ruin their chances for another term. That's also why big controversial bills/laws are never passed until after elections, so that before it doesn't hurt their chances of re-election and after it gives them time to do damage control and get everyone on their side again before they are up again.

What exactly is racist/sexist about Trump? Name examples without using the phrase "war on women" because that doesn't exist.because the people who are against him are morons, like you. i see morons running one way and i run the other.[Supports Taxing the Rich More](http://money.cnn.com/2015/08/27/news/economy/donald-trump-economy-tax-plan/)Never been to a circus.Hes a fucking clown and its fun watching all the other clowns come out to hear the head dipshit make mouth noises.check out his issues on his campaign website.then check out Bernie Sanders campaign website when you seriously start considering a candidate.talk is cheap and means nothing until its down in writing.trumps a business man and knows that so hell make all kinds of noises from his facehole and let you infer whatever.hes in the race for his own gain,not the nations.You mention his lack of a political background twice. I'm glad you did, because that's how much emphasis I would put on it being a significant positive. This is a man who isn't dedicated to being a fucking shill who will do whatever the corporations ask him to to get ahead. He's ALREADY A CORPORATION and he's ALREADY AHEAD, financially. No one can tell him what he can or can't do once he's seated in the Oval Office.Because Trump has a better chance than Obama of ending the ridiculous polarization in this country. Hahahaha. Just kidding. I'm only on his bandwagon as far as the Republican Nomination.My thoughts exactly.  I think the biggest supporters of Donald Trump are Obama haters  who think payback for Obama getting elected twice is Trump. They STILL mad!  LOL!   They always seem to throw in that they like Ben Carson though to make it seem it's not about race... WHERE EVER!  Exactly! The only people that want him to win are Obama haters... Aka RacistsLol thats extremely ignorant.

I thought I was more of a democrat. But after recently watching many debates, I'm starting to lean more towards Trump.

Now, don't get me wrong - I don't agree with everything he says. I don't agree with everything any possible candidate says.

But - I think he's the lesser of two evils. Do you think illegal immigrants should be allowed to cross the boarder illegally, have a baby, and now they're a citizen for US to take care of? That isn't right. We cant do that in other countries, so why should we let other  countries do this to us? My friend just left Germany from being stationed there. Once his stint was up, they gave him a time frame of when he HAD to be out... This is just one of many things that I agree with.

An American owned company closing it's factories here in the US and going out of this country for cheeper labor? Damn right hit them with a margin/tax to bring their parts back here. That's bullshit.

I'm far from a Trump fanboy - but anyone who is willing to let Illegal Immigrants into this country and wants to take care of them, letting them bypass going through the process of citizenship - is insane.Don't want illegals here? Don't fucking hire them.But then his competition will and he'll get undercut.But then Anchor Babies It's sad that the lesser of two evils is a viable option to begin with. There are so many better options for the GOP. Do some research besides just listening to what the media portrays. I have. Why are you getting so defensive? 

Who would you rather have? Bush? Yeah - thats exactly what we need - another Bush in the office.

Rubio? - nah.While I'm not a Trump supporter at all, and will not vote for him, I definitely don't think there are any better GOP candidates. They're all shit. Trump is just a different fragrance of shit. Either way I probably won't vote for any of them because they all suck. Your a fucking idiot m8. You entertain me to be honestYou're

IronicAh-HA! You've finally uncovered the deep, deep secret of Trump's popularity... RACISM!!!

I love shitlibs the most when you can't caricature them anymore because everything they say and do is Poe's Law in action. 

Next on ShitLibMedia :"All Trump supporters are secret ANTISEMITES!!!"Terms like "shitlib" are the reason Obama got elected twice. You make yourself sound like a close minded fucking idiot. Also, when you making sweeping generalizations of all 'libtards' or anything like that, it pushes anyone in the middle away from *you*, not them. 

If you really cared about the conservative point of view, you should try sounding less moronic. I couldn't give less of a shit about cuckservatives. I guess that answers your question.What?  No, Rubio's parents came over in 1956, before the Castro regime took over.  I can't find information on whether or not the arrived illegally, but I've seen reports that they did travel back to Cuba several times over the years.  This would lead me to believe they immigrated legally.

Also, those fleeing from Cuba to the United States are classified and given asylum. We give political asylum to most people fleeing from communist countries (those who make it to dry land). Trump wants to crack down on the abuses of asylum but I don't think those coming from Cuba would be affected (as long as they don't have a criminal past).  Also, this couldn't/wouldn't be a retroactive policy because it would be unconstitutional to remove existing immigrants' citizenship due to Ex post facto law provisions.Possibly Bobby Jindal, too.  His parents were here on student visas but ended up staying.   It would all depend on how the law is phrased.  Lots of "anchor babies" are from people who are technically here legally but end up staying because they had a kid.Thing is if you go back far enough every non-Native American are results of anchor babies from one line or another. some people had permission to be here.  For example, the French settlers in Louisiana were there with permission.  They lived in relative harmony with them for centuries.  Can't stump the Trump!!If Trump stays in the race through the primaries this is the tone I expect him to adopt. Oh, he'll still have some shocking bombastic outbursts, but overall he will be less screamy. He's already started as far as I can tell - and he needs to continue to tone it down, but be prepared to unload and call out the other candidates, and defend his own actions. Which lately tend to be defending comments he made twenty years ago...Wow. Well, he's sticking true to himself, I guess. His message hasn't changed in nearly 30 years.r/titlegore"We will not be taken advantage of anymore..." ??? Mr Trump and his supporters are ignoring the fact that if every undocumented immigrant in the U.S. were somehow deported, the country would starve overnight. We would collapse, and starve. Every time Mr. Trump (and 98% of everyone else in the U.S.) puts something to eat in his mouth, he is consuming food that was cultivated, harvested, packed or processed by undocumented immigrants. The fact is, there are very few citizens that could do, or are willing to do, the labor that "illegals" do, especially in the fields. Again, Mr. Trump has reached into his toolbox of demagoguery and has come up with utter rubbish. His is a demagoguery laced with hatred and ignorance and schoolyard bully talk. Part of his problem in understanding the folly of his so-called immigration plan is that, unlike the working people that do the hardest work in this country (be they "legal" or not), he has never had to get his hands dirty and blistered and work like a mule under a hot sun for subsistence wages. Mr. Trump inherited his money, and he seems to think this gives him license to excrete the kind of rubbish that wins over the hearts and...(minds?) of other crass individuals.[deleted]I am removing your post because I don't think we should insult people. I am leaving the argument you made below.

> We have automated machinery that could be purchased by farmers instead but they're too cheap. With trump the demand for new farm machinery will soar and so too will good american manufacturing jobs.

Posted by /u/pissedoffdominican 
"We will not be taken advantage of anymore..." ??? Mr Trump and his supporters are ignoring the fact that if every undocumented immigrant in the U.S. were somehow deported, the country would starve overnight. We would collapse, and starve. Every time Mr. Trump (and 98% of everyone else in the U.S.) puts something to eat in his mouth, he is consuming food that was cultivated, harvested, packed or processed by undocumented immigrants. The fact is, there are very few citizens that could do, or are willing to do, the labor that "illegals" do, especially in the fields. Again, Mr. Trump has reached into his toolbox of demagoguery and has come up with utter rubbish. His is a demagoguery laced with hatred and ignorance and schoolyard bully talk. Part of his problem in understanding the folly of his so-called immigration plan is that, unlike the working people that do the hardest work in this country (be they "legal" or not), he has never had to get his hands dirty and blistered and work like a mule under a hot sun for subsistence wages. Mr. Trump inherited his money, and he seems to think this gives him license to excrete the kind of rubbish that wins over the hearts and...(minds?) of other crass individuals.>"We will not be taken advantage of anymore..." ??? Mr Trump and his supporters are ignoring the fact that if every undocumented immigrant in the U.S. were somehow deported, the country would starve overnight. We would collapse, and starve. Every time Mr. Trump (and 98% of everyone else in the U.S.) puts something to eat in his mouth, he is consuming food that was cultivated, harvested, packed or processed by undocumented immigrants. The fact is, there are very few citizens that could do, or are willing to do, the labor that "illegals" do, especially in the fields. 


The thing this writer doesn’t understand is that if US feels that field workers are important, it can introduce a special visa for them and call them in legally. The issue is not immigrants. The country was founded by immigrants. The issue is illegal immigrants. As Trump said, the problem is “rapists” and “murderers”. Legal, controlled immigration is perfectly acceptable. He said “I want to build a fence but I am ok with there being a door”. 

Are you seriously arguing that only way US can have workers is by allowing ANY random person to enter the country?


>Again, Mr. Trump has reached into his toolbox of demagoguery and has come up with utter rubbish. His is a demagoguery laced with hatred and ignorance and schoolyard bully talk. 

America is a bully. Sooner you realise it happier you will be. You are fighting God knows how many wars, hated by billions around the world. For God sake, your high school culture is one of the worst in the world. There is nothing wrong with being a bully.

You need someone strong at the helm who is not afraid to speak his mind, flex his muscles. Look at what Obama did. All talk and no implementation. You think Democrats or Republicans or ANYONE will be able to steam roll Trump like this? You must be dreaming. He is an agent for change. America needs him.


>Part of his problem in understanding the folly of his so-called immigration plan is that, unlike the working people that do the hardest work in this country (be they "legal" or not), he has never had to get his hands dirty and blistered and work like a mule under a hot sun for subsistence wages. Mr. Trump inherited his money, and he seems to think this gives him license to excrete the kind of rubbish that wins over the hearts and...(minds?) of other crass individuals.

For the love of … A drug dealer works plenty hard in hostile working conditions. We should support them? Working hard has nothing to do with the fact that they entered this country illegally, have limited oversight, put their own lives at risk by working illegally, negatively impact the labour market, etc.But L=less than 50% of Hillary's followers are actually realTrump has international appeal.Just cause they vote does not mean they talk to mom and dad that does vote.. Plus we did we vote for prez thru twitter?Not me.  Wait is this article saying Carly Fiorina has more voters as followers than the Trumpster?  Very misleading article.More like, no one besides political junkies gives a shit about Carly Fiorina.Ya the media is propping her up b/c she is the only women in the race its sad really.  She couldn't even get elected to the House how the hell is she going to win the presidency.Fiorina isn't cut out for the Oval Office. I think Fiorina would do really well in a Papa John's commercial.
I'd be fine with this - Finally a president with as much flair as PutinWhen was this filmed March 2007. The match was called Hair vs HairI like Bernie but that was really weak. Trump is the man. [deleted]But the reason that statistic occurs is systematic oppression and white privilege.This is sarcasm, right?Well, he has some strong arguments.Exact URL to this tweet?Get past the paywall: http://translate.google.com/translate?sl=ja&tl=en&u=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wsj.com%2Farticles%2Fdonald-trump-is-frugal-with-his-cash-in-republican-presidential-race-1439335893%3Fmod%3De2fb[deleted]Google translate can get past paywalls.

I actually have a bookmark in my bookmarks toolbar that, once clicked, opens the page in google translate. Create a new bookmark and put this in the URL field:

    javascript:window.open('http://translate.google.com/translate?sl=ja&tl=en&anno=2&u='+encodeURIComponent(window.location.href))Hero!
A businessman who knows how to save money. Imagine what he can do for America.I just listened to a clip on YouTube of his comment. I dislike Trump strongly. However. For once it didn't seem like he meant it the way everyone took it, at least in my opinion.[deleted]At least learn to spell her name, Donald.Media lying. Nothing new. But it's so obvious that they want to destroy him. Good luck with that.So many wrong things in this picture, including this retard's face.