1.6 billion Muslims, and if you are Christian in some of those places you don't count. Do not have a church and do not speak of your faith. There are if my math is right 5.4 billion non muslims. 1.6 billion muslims and a war between the two is coming. It is being forced by 0-003% of the Muslims.vote trump for presidentI like the Don more every day. Now - you're just scaring me.Nobody cares Jeb you are not going to win.Huh? Read some of my comment history ya doofus.Why, are you Jeb? If so I am forming a super pac to air a commercial about how you helped your bro steal an election but three towers fell in their own footprint thereby ending the controversy. Wow........"He's wrong.  He's totally wrong."  I really like this about trump.  If you can't say no to anything, if you can't use your judgment to say no, then you can't really say yes to anything either.  He can answer your question without groveling and covering his tracks.  Is the last one in reference to Fox's practice of only hiring female anchors with large breasts?No it's about him having hot, young women and wivesThis comment has been overwritten by an open source script to protect this user&apos;s privacy. 

   If you would like to do the same, add the browser extension [GreaseMonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) to Firefox and add [this open source script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite).   

 Then simply click on your username on Reddit, go to the comments tab, and hit the new OVERWRITE button at the top.Does this help?
https://youtu.be/C3ciIpd5xBAYeah that's the one ! Thanks buddy !Unstumpable!Damn fine journalism, Huff PoThis comment has been overwritten by an open source script to protect this user&apos;s privacy. 

   If you would like to do the same, add the browser extension [GreaseMonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) to Firefox and add [this open source script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite).   

 Then simply click on your username on Reddit, go to the comments tab, and hit the new OVERWRITE button at the top.It seems like they are trying to compete with the Onion these days.No objection from my end. More for me. Am I the only one who heard 'gina ????

All I heard was v'gina 'gina 'gina v'gina 'gina 'gina... I love 'gina 'gina 'gina v'gina....

The ridiculous entertainment that is Trump just keeps on giving...Trump/Scott 2016

Now he can fire twice as many people.Who is Ronald Farber?  

http://s1378.photobucket.com/user/Ronald_Farber/library/?sort=3&page=1dam right his support is stable, we are SICK of the establishment and pseudo freedom of speech and we are MAD, the new rise of nationalism is in its infant stages but do not doubt its return!That's right.

He is going to win the nomination and then he is going to win the Presidency.

These analysts are idiots.Who's smart?Funny how even the GOPiberal establishment continues to try and downplay Trump. Yes we have all hear of his liberal leanings. But if if he is a nationalist, and loves America, then we can't really lose considering the alternatives. I mean seriously. If a non-American Muslim Kenyan can steal the White House, nothing worse can really happen except total socialism. And Donald is not a socialist. read it, still voting for him, hell maybe even twiceThese hit pieces are just getting sad. 

TIL what passes for convincing arguments in the retarded stoner community.Every stoner I know loves the Donald.our enemies are many but our trump is strongAmerica is so much better than Trump. He's a clown who has rallied morons.I would give some other advice: move to Canada!

Much better country (assuming that Stephen Harper doesn't get reelected this year).his ideas are quite valid and lets be honest he would make America a better place then any other candidate 
Let's be honest you have no idea what you're talking aboutI was under the impression that is polling numbers against Hillary were very poor. He might be able to win the primary but I haven't seen good numbers for him in the general. Agree, I think it's still the DNC's to lose. I think that Trump, regardless of his final performance, has revitalized America's interest in national politics, and that makes his entry all the better. It reminds me very much of Arnold's run for Governator. Who's more foolish? The fool, or the one who follows him?
- Alec Guiness, "Star Wars"Yeah it'll be real funny when he gives birth to a new political ideology huh? Or when creates functioning borders? Or is the really funny part the one where he wants to protect American industry with a tarriff?Fuck you. Mr. Trump! Is that you!?  =D Die nigger. My mistake. *This* must be The Donald!sheeit. ya got me massa. X-Post referenced from /r/American_Politics by /u/Grace_Wincer  
[Donald Trump calls out Mark Zuckerberg on immigration](https://www.reddit.com/r/American_Politics/comments/3hdbol/donald_trump_calls_out_mark_zuckerberg_on/)
*****  
  
^^I ^^am ^^a ^^bot ^^made ^^for ^^your ^^convenience ^^\(Especially ^^for ^^mobile ^^users).  
^^[Contact](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=OriginalPostSearcher) ^^| ^^[Code](https://github.com/papernotes/Reddit-OriginalPostSearcher)You DO realize that H1B visa are [dominated](http://www.myvisajobs.com/Reports/2015-H1B-Visa-Sponsor.aspx) by Indian Consulting Companies, right? They hold top 3 spots and are far larger than anyone else. They are basically human smuggling. Facebook doesn't even make the **top 25** list! Heck the number 1 employer *Infosys* **alone** hires more H1B than **double** the size of **entire** Facebook just **this year**!! The tech companies are actually trying to hire some quality people that meets their needs, and they're struggling because the H1B quota are filled by these Indian human smuggling companies. Do you really think Facebook and Google are competing with each other by lowering engineering cost? Give me a break.we did that already... didnt workHaha, says a TV show host. "You can't be serious, right? Everybody knows our TV shows are full of BS."I love how they continue to insult and deride him.Down voters(read:pr company's)  got a day off? And I would say Trump if he keeps up his momentum has a chance to win the primary outright. I wrote an article about the reasons why if your opinion contests.

https://medium.com/j-king-s-labratory-project/is-donald-trump-legitimately-winning-the-republican-primary-5e9f6aaabc1fArticle is on point.... I agree that he has a shot simply based on the fact he is uprooting the traditional campaigning strategies in a lot of ways.This is an interesting Movie about Trump. Has anyone seen this yet? Anyone think that it is a fair view of Trump's past, or are the makers out to make him look bad?what a pinheadDonald Trump was eye humping the girl.He was thinking that only common people do the wave.  He thinks that he is above all that.  He thinks that he is above the wave.  I think he had a really good idea. Like it would be perfect if a lightbulb popped up by his fingerPLEASE let Trump win the primaries!!! 

He's a god's gift to democrats. He might win amongst racist lunatics, but by the time we get to the national election, he'll have said so much batshit crazy stuff....he'll simply crash and burn. 

I also love how he makes Republicans show their grue colors. No one's forcing them to support that lunatic and while they've at least tried to hide all their ugly racism in the past...they finally gave up on that. 

I for one am cheering for that lunatic because he's entertaining and will completely obliterate the GOP from within :D

Donald, Donald, Donald!!!! Chant with me :DCan one truly lose what one never had?If this news doesn't kill Trump's campaign, nothing will :(The GOP may have to discard the popular vote in the primaries to avoid giving Trump the nomination.I wonder if he's really going crazy or if he is experiencing apotheosis. They probably look the same from the outside.If Trump is experiencing apotheosis than the peak of human development is to be an asshole and that's the way God designed the human race.

/me looks at the state of the world around him.

That... Kinda makes sense.Thing is his explanation makes sense. 'Her eyes, her whatever...' was him finishing the thought and getting back to topic. His flipping of the accusation back on the media is brilliant, 'only a deviant' would associate that statement with a menstrual cycle.He also used the same meme when talking about chuck schumer a week ago.

(schumer doesnt have a vagina that we know of proving the phrase has nothing to do with periods)

D's America's only eight-star generalCan't dump the Trump!http://media.giphy.com/media/XreQmk7ETCak0/giphy.gifTrump is the only peacenic up there.Well, if he doesn't get elected get that DYI shelter instructions anyway because Iran will for sure play bomb this, bomb that, once they have the nukes.I wouldn't worry. His novelty will wear off, hopefully. He's America's only eight-star general.I'll vote for him in the primary if he does this. It wouldn't matter AT ALL because of how my stupid state sets up primaries, so I would totally do it.What a masturbatory and stupid letter. He will make America great again. And all the other countries will turn into Tony the tigers. And when asked about America, the other countries will reapond, " They're Great!"He will make it the most luxurious, most glorious house in the world. It will be a tear-down job, and in place of the White House he will erect something not unlike the Trump Taj Mahal.With gold everywhere... A new color will appear in the palette: "Trump Gold". The most magnifcent tacky, er... shimmering, auriferous hues one could ever behold.Missile launchers conspicuously placed around the perimeterI get that this is a joke but some of the things are believable. Could you reformulate with one that isn't such a "let me try to be funny!!!1!"I'm voting for trumpWe want the truth but Planned Parenthood keeps trying to fetus lies.I honestly can't tell when people on this sub are pro trump and when they are making fun of his supporters.It's a mix I think. I live in Norway (from the UK), and as a big fan of US politics I'm following Trump closely. For entertainment value of course.Im both.School for the gifted, the short bus already left.It would be amazing [if Dale Carnegie responded](https://soundcloud.com/trumpdate/august-2nd-2015-treat-me-fairly-or-else#t=4:58) to [Donald Trump's statement about his book](http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2015/jul/06/donald-trump/donald-trumps-art-deal-best-selling-business-book-/) considering [he died in 1955](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dale_Carnegie).The emptiness of this thread is tellingHe could blame Jewish bankers for all the world's ills, maybe that would derail him, maybe.It's funny how they always use this pic. Wow, the Donald looking great!This cracks me up!

Eric Trump (his mini me) - housing and urban developmentOh yeah, forgot about the nepotism angle. Good call!Jeb is getting trumpled.crazy that the koch brothers have so much power in the political world. they don't care who becomes president because they back most of them..Lol, he probably spits at them on the golf course.That's what happens when you have something to say not like these other cuckservative clowns. Amen to that brother! He's going to make America great again. That's awesome.I wonder if this guy becomes president, would threatening a lawsuit to silence a citizen be a violation of the first amendment? It would basically be a classic case of the government trying to silence a citizen which is truly what the first amendment is about and why it was written in the first place. Wouldn't it?  
At some point his tactic if "If I say it, then it is true and if you challenge me you are ugly, jealous and a jerk," will stop working. It can't sustain itself. It just can't.The fact that these types of blackmail oriented  things are starting to come up shows that the bush cronies in the cia are really pulling out all the stops against trump who challenges their control of the white house.

She said she loves him and endorses him.I'll bet he felt pretty violated too.Weak.Probably the worst thing that could have happened to Trump.

Read your rules.  "racism" ?  "sexism" ?  That's the language of the people that Trump supporters hate.  Finding people to all agree that being against some kind of "ism" is easy.  Finding minds that can think beyond that, and to put it into it's proper place (subordinate to everything else) is what's difficult.  And that is why Trump has so much support.  Not from you though.  Too juvenile.There's some truth to what Trump says.  Being captured is not the same level of "heroism" as winning a war, killing a bunch of enemy, saving the lives of your fellow soldiers, or other "valor in the face of the enemy" type of action.  It's not heroic like getting killed doing something very dangerous, and it's not heroic like getting killed in the twin towers.

What everyone is missing is the fact that 90% of Trump's support come from people that hate the media.  Many of them do not even know they hate the media.  They (we) hear the constant stream of lies and half-truths that come from that idiot-box, and we've learned to disbelieve everything it says, and hate everything it spews out.  Gays getting married, Mexicans crossing the border, Iraq and Afghanistan being given back to the terrorists, Obama socializing the nation's health care, etc... added all up this is a complete justification for Civil War.  They should be THANKING Trump for giving the American People a way to express their rage that does not include the wholesale slaughter of the elected officials that are 100% responsible for everything.

Me, personally, I have no illusions.  He's exactly what he looks like.  He's a KNOWN QUANTITY, and in this political environment he's the ONLY known quantity.  I'm voting for him no matter what.  They can have high-def videos of Donald Trump boiling neighborhood children alive and then eating them with spinach fettuccine noodles and I will STILL vote for him.  MOST hated is the Republican Party.  They keep lying about how Jeb Bush has "xx%" popularity.  BULL SHIT.  Every time they tell that lie I resolve to make certain to do whatever I can to disrupt their plans.The poll that had trump at 28% and Bush at 13% also asked people who their second choice was. Bush only got 5%. How's he going to win? The establishment wants him but the people watching fox news and listening to talk radio see Bush as part of the problem and won't vote for him. probably the worst structured article i have ever read...  And i'm not even picking sides here, but that just seemed so damn repetitive.

It got its point across. Yeah but I mean, you don't think a argument or even an article loses credibility when it is poorly structured?  that's all i was trying to say...  I get he wanted to bash Trump and portray him as indulging in his career/wealth while McCain was a at war getting caught, but i don't need to be reminded he graduated with 200k of wealth, 3x in the article.  
Oh, I totally agree that the article was long and poorly written. I'm pretty used to that. Do I think it loses credibility with the masses? Nah, they'll probably stop reading a third of the way through and still get the point: Donald was playing around with Daddy's money while McCain was fighting for his country. was totally expecting you to go off on me there.  i appreciate the clarification.  and yeah, i agree with you on this one.  Haha, nope not going off on you! I've just gotten so used to poorly written stuff online that it doesn't even faze me anymore. They're not writing for people who appreciate decent writing. They're writing for people who skim. I doubt they even hire actual writers. So I look for the content (if there is any) and just move on. I just hope in 20 years people still know how to read and write beyond lolz and omg. 

Trump fits this model perfectly. He's good at generating dramatic buzzwords without content, which the masses apparently love. The clickbait candidate. couldn't have said it betterCan I hear a good one liner?There are no guys with tits, only chicks with dicks 
You got it backwards. 

Edit: I'm backwards -_-clarify??Waaaaait a minute. I'm on backwards! 

Carry on. Are you pro trump?Ahhh honestly, i don't know enough of his policies to say i'm behind him, but I do agree with his economical views of USA.  He does get taken out of context, but he really is a prick.  
 to add one more piece here.  The man is a capitalist, and has some decent motives for our economy. i see him more as a piece to shape up our other Repubs for the primaries.This guy is a democrats wet dream. People now associate his offensive remarks and personality with the GOP. I think by offending all Hispanics he has already handed the election to Hillary. The reason the vast majority of world leaders prefer freer trade is it's much better for all citizens. Economics figured this out in the 19th century. If we impose import tariffs our trading partners will impose tariffs on our goods. This will hurt american producers more than it will help them. On the one hand they could sell more goods domestically. On the other we can't compete in Europe, China, India, etc. we shouldn't be producing everything we need domestically we are much better off with each country producing what it has a competitive advantage in. David Ricardo discovered this in the 19th century. You're free to believe that restricted trade is better. You've got good company, Bernie sanders for one. 

There are better pro trump subs. This one is for people of all political persuasions who are rudder necking trump's campaign. Yeah? And how much are we exporting now a days?1.23 trillion dollars worth of goods. 

Our top consumers are Canada and Mexico thanks to NAFTA. China is right behind them.

source: https://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/profile/country/usa/Oh? And how much are we importing? 1.8 trillion dollars worth of goods. Mostly from those same countries, with China taking a substantial lead. A trade deficit is a bad thing, but forcing american consumers to consume the same goods produced in America for way more money hurts the american consumer greatly. Trade deficit doesn't show the full picture. We also export services and make a lot of money from international tourism. It's like the cat in the hat. Yes we can fix a trade deficit with tariffs, but we ruin a lot of other things. The other thing to keep in mind is factory jobs aren't very desirable. They are monotonous and low paying.Bad for American consumers, not for American workers. Which is more important?
  
I would pause before painting all industrial jobs as unsatisfactory. There is a certain accomplishment that comes with creating something concrete and being part of a functional system. They also earned a hell of a lot more money than their modern compatriots - stuck working in food service or in Walmart. The high-wage industries that still exist in America are generally pretty low workforce - at least outside of the factories they contract with in China. 
  
But, oh, hey, I can get a pack of tubesocks for $2
  
American consumer and American workers are the same people. This isn't about picking sides. Economic theory shows us society as a whole with free trade. There is also lots of empiracle evidence. To put it in terms that might resonate with a trump supporter, import tariffs is a failed policy.  Only losers support it. Not all the time - there are plenty of consumers that are out of the workforce: retired, in school full-time, the chronically unemployed. Besides that pedantric point, I have to ask - is lower prices for consumers a worthy end goal and measure of success. Is it more important than high employment? Higher wages? A sense of dignity in work? The very culture of making physical objects?
  
Kind of presumptuous to say I am a Trump supporter. Non-establishment candidates in both parties are anti-free trade. 
  
>>Economic theory shows us society as a whole with free trade. There is also lots of empiracle evidence.
  
Haha ok /u/turdsworth - thanks for saving my thumbs some work. Take care man. 

Edit: I actually care about being comprehensible. content liek this shouldn't be getting downvoted so bad no one sees it. This is why I think we should disable downvoting cause all the trump supporters are trolling this sub.I support trumpWhat has has Donald trump said that's wrong about immigration? He's against illegal immigration, and for LEGAL immigration. What he said about ILLEGAL Aliens bringing in crime is true, because the fact that they are in in this country is already a crime, plus there're committing even more crimes. I think he is getting flak from the way he said it. It could be interpreted that all illegal immigrants are criminals and rapists. http://www.slate.com/blogs/the_slatest/2015/06/29/donald_trump_fired_from_nbc_celebrity_apprentice_star_and_republican_presidential.htmlExactly. His positions aren't different than the rest of the field. What is different is the tone. People think it's weird that trump isn't acting like s typical politician. The thing is people are sick and tired of typical politicians. Yes, but the tone came off all wrong, I bet he lost the latino vote with his remarks which managed to offend many.There was some polling I saw that showed different republicans matched up with Hillary Clinton. No one did worse among Latinos than trump.  Surprisingly the difference wasn't large. I think Latinos aren't going to vote republican anyway. The problem as I see it is that trump hurts the entire republican brand for years among Latinos. Here is a very recent one that states trump is very unpopular with the latino vote : http://www.latimes.com/nation/politics/trailguide/la-na-trailguide-07162015-htmlstory.htmlTrump supporters are coming in and down voting anything critical of trump. It's distorting the scores. Credit to /u/TehSasquachJust two classy guys duking it outThey should probably settle this with a bunch of cream pies and olde time bottles of seltzer. It's for him in the sense that his campaign is a positive thing for progressives.  We certainly wouldn't want him to actually be president.  He's awful.ok, just wanted to make sure you don't want him as president too, that would be awfulThere are other pro trump subs. this one seems to enjoy the show.this should be a stickyIt's hard to tell the difference between the two.This has a pretty strong left wing bias, but the polling analyses is good.I heard him say that he was spending his own money and wouldn't be beholden to to donators or corporations as president. I didn't know he had a fundraising part to his campaign.People have started super pacs for him. I have no idea what's happening. Is this performance art? Does here really want to make America great again? When was America great? Is this real life? He's such a massive clown. You don't even need a comedian, just let the man speak :Doh gawd what fake dramaI love drama Also, those aren't "Nazi" uniforms. They are Wehrmacht uniforms. Not related to NSDAP uniforms.How come almost all the articles about Trump in a subreddit named /r/Donald_Trump are negative towards him? 
The media is really trying to ruin his name lol, they are so desperate... 
The man is speaking too much truth and it's making the greedy, incompetent leftists who have ruined USA feel uncomfortable.there are other pro trump subs this is the description of /r/donald_trump

> Perhaps no man has done as much to advance the progressive agenda as Donald Trump in the past 1000 years. Okay, maybe that's a slight exaggeration. Still, we should celebrate "The Donald". The man. The myth. The hair. What group of hardworking Americans will he offend next? Find out here. Join us!

check out /r/thedonald or /r/donaldtrump2016Thanks. I'm not American but I like seeing that Americans might finally vote for the right man and save their country from certain doom the recent leaders have brought.can I ask where are you from?Finland.How did you become interested in Trump?I already said. I want to see Americans get in their senses and save their country. USA is doing very badly and ALL the other candidates except Trump intend to destroy USA even further, just to line their pockets with a bit more cash. They don't care about anything else.So he destroyed the USFL, and now he can destroy the GOP... hahahaSeems reasonable /sconsidering this entire sub is a left wing attack on trump, id say both parties of scared of him...which is why i like him. so sick of thoughtless party hacks like you and the right wing version of you.This sub fully supports Mr. Trump in the primary. har-har-har you're so clever... 

you are a clownI wasn't joking. I would be thrilled if he were the nominee.you're the type of guy who thinks he is the smartest guy in the room... http://www.memes.com/meme/622205
Doubt it.Every day that Trump is in the race, more Hispanics become uncomfortable with the GOP.I love how they forget his comments were referring to illegal immigrants, not Hispanics at large.Trump has hit a nerve that no other candidate has. Illegal migration across our southern borders has not been addressed by either party. Quite a few people are seeing the problems that this 'blindness' has wrought. Trump is his own man all the rest march to the beat of a drum they don't beat.LOL, 'nothing here' either hehe. The Donald must be losing sleep over this post.http://imgur.com/U87Ujm3[deleted]Racist language is not tolerated here. There's plenty of horrible subs that you can go join.How was that racist, it's the truth.How is he unelectable? For saying the truth?
Amnesty is the #1 reason I am supporting Trump. All the other GOP candidates who support amnesty are doing it for personal gain while selling out Americans. If you want to sell out Americans for your own gain you don't need to be president.There goes the "no substance" criticism of his campaign, not that it was effective anyways.The Philippine news sites reporting on Trump have lots of Philippine-American commenters who support this man all the way. The anti-Trump people are morons. A lot of the anti-Trump people call him Hitler or other stupid things and insult Trump supporters with stuff like they are "gay defenders" of Trump. 

Trump really can surprise people if he gets the nomination. He's going to compete with minorities who would otherwise not vote GOP. Biggest victims of illegal immigration: Blacks and legal Hispanics.Kids are victims, too. Think about all those professional landscaping companies that hire illegals and then are able to offer prices low enough to entice people to hire them instead of the neighborhood boy to mow their lawn. 

Really, every low income worker is a victim. The illegals artificially depress wages and they take jobs. Also, there's a lot of criminals who are here illegally. So his plan is actually not bad. Reasonable for the most part. I, however, will not vote for him because he attacks Mexicans as a whole. He feeds the negative stigma that all illegal immigrants are from Mexico. Why doesn't he address the increasing number of illegals from europe and asia? 



Generally, I feel that Trump is a racist and a lot of his followers are as well. His plan said a nation without borders is not a nation. What about the border with canada? Where's that one? Illegals are going to find ways to get into the country no matter what so why would he put millions of tax payer dollars on the line? Also repealing birthright citizenship is ridiculous. It's been like that for years and is in the constitution. We are a nation of immigrants. If birthright citizenship is abolished, then who are we really? 



Maybe if Trump took a different approach to the issue as a whole I would consider voting for him, but he presents himself as a very unprofessional spoiled brat. He, like a great part of Americans, uses illegals as scapegoats to all the problems we have as a nation. We're just about the only developed country that has birthright citizenship, it's a completely backward policy without a shadow of a doubt.

I'm also offended how you insult Trump and his followers as "racists". It's "racist" to want ILLEGAL immigrants out? In every speech, Donald says he wants more people to come to the country, only they need to do it legally. He even said he would expedite the process so more immigrants could come to America, I just don't understand where you're coming from.

Also, the wall is projected to cost 10 billion and it would stop 100,000's of illegals annually. It would actually pay for itself over time, assuming Mexico doesn't foot the bill.The birthright citizenship is something that needs to be fixed. At one point it was appropriate - now it's just being abused and should be updated at the very least. At least one parent should be an American citizen or there should be additional requirements about how long the parents have worked or lived in the US. Sneaking across the border while pregnant to have an American citizen baby encourages others to do the same and creates a mess to deal with the undocumented parents. [deleted]Is that footage of North Korean women at 41 seconds? If people truly care about the poor in this country, they should take a good look at what Trump is saying. We need to make sure our poor have jobs! Its basically just all the stuff he has been saying in his speeches.  Nothing new really other than a few specifics.  I love it!I watched Trump's NH town hall tonight, and he's missing a great opportunity by focusing on building abstract immigration Walls, and not boasting what a great job he could do rebuilding this countries crumbling infrastructure.

at least two times, during the cigarette lawsuit payoff and the obamas attempt at job creation after the financial crisis, trillions were passed out to cities and states earmarked for infrastructure rebuilding, and instead of fixing anything, most of that money either went to paying off fiscal debt, or is still being tied up in red tape.

I really think Trump could broaden his base of support if he made the actual "rebuilding" america his central theme, not something as abstract as "making it great again".

Disclaimer:  I do not support him, but since it's likely he'll be one of the top 3 going into the Republican primaries, I want him to at least represent something constructive believable and achievable on the remote chance he becomes president 15 months from now.I like him.Yeah and they want us to believe Trump lost 8%. In other words nothing is working so the media is resorting to fixing poll samples to be able to put out numbers saying Trump is down since the "muslim" non-comment and trying to get his supporters to bail on him. Typical liberal media play here.I noticed almost immediately after the last debate CNN went on this anti-Trump campaign..  Some of it is very subtle but they are definitely doing thisboth of you are 100% spot on

how can anyone see the non-stop attacks on him coming from every angle and not wonder what is going on?? they must be really scared he is going to shake things up. they are doing everything they can. i have never seen an all out attack like this from every angle before in my life. this is unprecedented. I have. It comes after the press have convinced the Republicans to nominate a "media friendly" option, like McCain, in the primary, whereupon they turn around and burn him to a deep-fried crisp in the general election.

Or really, any Republican in the general election. Usually as long as the press thinks they can kill the nominated Republican in the general they lavish praise on him. Trump legitimately scares them, I think.I expect that they are absolutely scared shitless... 

Trump is a brilliant man who will not play the career politician game with anyone.. He's also a complete wildcard that both sides totally freak out about because he could actually get things done and run our country like a business.

I can only wonder who he will pick as his VP and how much that person will also disrupt the game.Yeah, the establishment hates Trump and the media hates Trump (ironic isn't it?), but he remains defiant.  They keep trying to kill him but they can't.The media does a bunch of stuff to sway against trump... but this poll isn't one of them.  If you read through it, its transparent and fairly done.  Although I disagree, Americans apparently think Fiorina did well in the debate.  
 
Better examples of liberal bias would be when they write an article claiming trump said all immigrants were rapists, which isn't true.  Or when they say he is a bad businessman because he had 4 bankrupt companies, but still somehow is a billionaire (a stupid criticism).  However, this poll is very legit.  It was done fairly and correctly. Lol if you think Carly won that debate you must be a feminist. No way sane people would think she won, though she did have a couple points. The "all the women heard what you said" quip was just to rouse the chest beating "women can do everything men can" feministsnot only that but it is like, "no carly, he wasnt saying *all* women have a terrible and mean look, **you** do."

which she does. very robotic too.And why would he?That's the reframing.

Scott Adams is right, he's _good_ at this. You'd think politicians would be too, but, well, at least on the Republican side they're really not.Masterfully handled. He was able to defuse the issue without denouncing his implicit message (that, yeah, muslims are a real problem and we should look into it.) See that first line of the article already bugs me. Trump is not "unhinged". He is just a guy who projects his voice, says what needs to be said, with feeling and doesn't use a PC filter to avoid "offending" anyone. He's not some fringe kook like Bernie and his dopes spouting out shit like socialism, stealing from 'rich people', this asinine notion of 'social justice' and free everything from the government. *That's* unhingedI agree, I think the media refuses to treat Donald Trump with the respect he deserves. He's said some questionable things and isn't perfect, but he's not a "child", "clown" or a "racist".Trump's inclusion of a section on mental health does indeed seem to be a way to act like he has a reasonable solution while expanding gun rights.   I am an ardent Trump supporter but this doesn't seem to strike much of a chord with me; then again I am fine with my USP for self defense.  That being said, this article doesn't even begin to approach a reasonable analysis of the facts.

"He insists that if only we paid attention to "red flags" (that don't rise to the level of actual crimes) and pre-emptively locked up people for curious behavior that only in retrospect is ever any kind of clear sign of "about to kill people with a gun" than all would be fine."

What does that even mean?  Are they implying that people like Dylann Roof or James Holmes are not the main issue with gun crime in America?  

Okay, fine, let's say I cede that point - who said anything about locking them up?  The policy paper is about the 2nd amendment.  We are all clearly only saying we should deny these people with mental issues access to guns - no one anywhere, Trump or otherwise, implied we should lock them up like we're in Minority Report.

"Even the vast majority of those who have actually been adjudicated "mentally ill" in some fashion would never harm anyone else with a weapon they owned, and there isn't any obvious reason why they should be denied the right to self-defense or pleasure via gun ownership of anyone else."

Oh, wow, the vast majority of the mentally ill won't commit gun crimes.  Excuse me while I allow the vast majority of epileptics who wouldn't have a seizure while driving to drive, etc.  What a bullshit argument.  This article literally advocates that the mentally ill should have the right to bear arms as if it's a cogent point, and because it is against Trump liberals might even accept it.  I cannot believe how absurd that is.  I'd even like the government to at least review what misdemeanors people committed before allowing a license, because I want us true law abiding citizens to be able to fully enjoy our 2nd amendment rights.  

Trump has a progressive view here to deny the mentally ill dangerous weapons, reinforce background checks and use this new legitimate system to allow us legal gun-owners to fully enjoy the 2nd amendment.  This is pretty consistent with the view of moderate democrats for the past 20 years, yet somehow this article spins it to sound like Ted Cruz just had a talk with God himself.  Am I going crazy here?
[deleted]Your link shows that Trump "generally" opposed gun control, even then. His official position attacked *opponents* of gun rights and how they use terms like assault weapon. Trump can and probably will say that he opposes fully automatic weapons. He can even say something about the Tommy Gun or whatever. You need to find more than that to show inconsistency on the gun issue. 

From the web site: 

>Opponents of gun rights try to come up with scary sounding phrases like “assault weapons”, “military-style weapons” and “high capacity magazines” to confuse people. What they’re really talking about are popular semi-automatic rifles and standard magazines that are owned by tens of millions of Americans. 
Exactly. Even still we must remember the quotes cited by many anti-Trumpists are from ~15 years ago as well, it would make sense for an individual over nearly two years of time to change beliefs.So you're saying two years or so from now, Mr. Trump may flip flop on this issue again. Hmmm, now that's food for thought.

I also think it's quite queer the way you label me an anti-Trumper when I merely quoted Mr. Trump. He also mentions the possibility of meeting Putin.That would be incredible, he says he only heard it and isn't sure it will happen but I'm optimistic for it to happen and see the results.world leaders already meeting with him..interesting..If trump gets elected we will at least have somebody on Putin's level of baddassery... rather than what have been dealing with the last 20 years.I wouldn't call Putin a baddass, and I don't think trump would either.

Putin's a gangster and a criminal.And gangsters and criminals are 'badass'. Haven't you ever seen Goodfellas?
Gangsters and criminals are generally badass...Putin is hoping that not yet another crazy is heading to the White House. Well....he just might find out what crazy is. I don't know...Trump is a gamble....a political unknown. He might be pretty radical. Good chance. Guess many of us are desperate.Both Trump and Putin are failures. America will never be great with the leadership of Trump you are all doomed without Obama.Your bot is broke.
Both Trump and Putin are failures. America will never be great with the leadership of Trump you are all doomed without Obama.Both Trump and Putin are failures. America will never be great with the leadership of Trump you are all doomed without Obama.when one sticker falls two should take its place. exponential increasing until they stop taking them down or until they take all the stickers on the wall down.Put the next one on using super glue.Can I pursue any action for this? It feels really wrong that a public university would allow a sticker for a presidential candidate to be removed from a wall used for public opinion of politics. Obama '08, Kerry '04, and other Democratic and liberal cause stickers are on the wall and remain untouched, but God forbid someone expresses a "dissenting" opinion regarding the ongoing presidential race at a public university.

I wonder if I can tip this story to Fox or Breitbart and they'd be interested.for what taking your sticker off the wall? Stop being a baby and plaster that shit with Trump stickers they can't take them all down!if this baby attitude is how you wanna handle things you might wanna become a liberal this is their kinda weakass shit.  WWTDD (What would the donald do?). My guess is the exponential sticker suggestion.Is that even the right wall? It's next to all the environmental studies stuff? Isn't there usually a clubs wall to post political stuff?is it your wall?It's anyone they can get behind to keep the attack on Trump since Jeb isn't cutting it. The establishment is that afraid their business as usual style is in dangerexactlyits manufactured

trump is the only one that the puppetmasters feel they cant control. that is why the attacks on him have been so frequent and coming from every angle. that is why the media is desperate to convince people they dont like trump and they like ________. anyone but the one they cant control. 

that is why i like trump.Yea the media is saying she did great... but that wasn't the opinion I had after watching the debate.  After it was done, I actually liked all the candidates a lot more except for Carly and the fat guy that wasn't Chris Christie.  I thought she came off as really unlikable.  her and rubio seemed so fake it was ridiculous. the robots.She is not popular her sudden "popularity" is a media AstroTurf campaign. Everything she brings to the debate is skin deep, she can memorize a pattern and response and perform it. She has no creative skill and her political career is complete political theater. Everyone knows that and it reflects when she fails to get legitimate rallies even after her "great" performance at the first debates. Trump fans now should seriously try to Expose Fiorina for the weak and shallow person that she is. The media companies are owned by the same people who are donating to Hillary and to Jeb! Bush, either way they come out a winner.  They like to hedge their bets though.. they have rubio standing by.. 

they pushed carson for a while and his numbers edged up but hit a ceiling.. so now they're on the Fiorina.. she'll top out and by the next debate they'll have a new champion against Trump and their base.

I believe they hope that if they push enough people that the voters will eventually come around to Bush or Rubio, and if not they may try to run someone 3rd party to ensure that Hillary or Bernie or who ever it is the Dems run so that they can continue business as usual.

These are important things that are being fought over.. the control of our country is at stake to these people.. that's something that they would literally kill for.   

So, it won't be easy but all we can do is support the person we believe will attempt to do something rather than turn around and just keep the status quo.

I know Trump is arrogant.  I think his public persona is one of a narcissist and he may be one for real.  I know he gives millions to charity and that he is a nice guy and friend to his friends.   And I believe that his ego would make it impossible for him to not attempt to do what he is saying he will do.   He isn't thinking about getting elected again, he's thinking about the statues that would be built in his honor after he is gone if he succeeds.  

 I think there's an anyone-but-Trump contingent among conservatives a la Glenn Beck. Fiorina is a disaster and everyone will realize it soon enough.She is being positioned for a possible Trump VP pick. She recently said that her being asked to be VP would come off a sexist since it would have just been a ploy to gather female votes. BUT, if she is the runner up, a VP pick could be justifiable reason.[deleted]she also literally said "drugs are bad mkay"
I followed a lot of the HP / Compaq stuff at the time she was in charge and have had a pretty negative view of her for years.

With the exception of the times when she had that expression on her face, I think she did pretty well in the debate. 

I still don't like her though.

She is on Team Jeb!, and is Jeb!'s designated attack dog so Jeb! can keep his hands clean. Her role is to attack anyone who rises in the polls. Then Jeb! can come riding in as a white knight in 3-4 months unscathed and emerge clean from the battle royale between the other candidates.

Her role is to fracture the Trump coalition, split the not-Jeb votes, drop out, endorse Jeb and pledge all her delegates to him. >  to fracture the Trump coalition, split the not-Jeb votes, drop out, endorse Jeb and pledge all her delegates to him.

Good job summarizing House of Cards. yet the talking heads keep asserting he lost, or Carly won. because, F logic.I never really followed political coverage until about a month ago because of trump.  I have basically decided that watching any political media, other than the speeches themselves, is a waste of time.  They just make up stuff.  They say candidates said stuff they didn't.  They arbitrarily say one person is winning.  Its all basically professional wrestling and celebrity tabloid gossip, with the veneer of importance.  
 
For about a month I watched literally every Trump speech, and what the press said about the speeches had very little to do with what was actually said.  The press is just feeding off the same part of humanity that makes people care about Ben Affleck and other celebrities.  Its a complete waste of time to watch what they say.  what they are doing is so obvious. i would think that all the obvious hate and manipulation is why people are siding with trump. they hear all these things on tv and the internet and then they do some research and say, "hey, trump didnt actually say that...or that...or that...hmm...." and then they see the truth. if they have an open mind. its also obvious some people are going to hate trump no matter what. i mean the guy said, "i love mexican people" and people still go, "he hates mexicans!". its an amazing sight to behold.She lost 10,000's of employees and only doubled the revenue because of Compaq. I don't see how she's a great CEO, the HP family even agreesShe destroyed a major American company, yet continually tries to run for political office on her business triumphs. Thankfully people do not seem to ever fall for it.Since its anonymous I'll say it... if your kid died of drug addiction you probably aren't a very good parent.  To busy running a company into the ground to spend time with your kid.  you should back off of this angle. its a loser. the kid wasnt a kid, she was 39 and it was her step-daughter that she didnt raise.

i am a trump supporter and i feel everyone should lay off of this and respect their loss.absolutely rekt lolthe more i see of this, the more obvious it is that the person asking the question was a plant and this whole manufactured outrage was premeditated. 

listen to the guys voice. that sounds like someone who is a terrible actor reciting a script.

not only did hilary clinton just have a press conference ready to go for this but now they have the spokesman for the whitehouse all ready with a script. wow, sure is a big and organized reaction for someone asking trump a question. but its "what trump DIDNT say now". how desperate and pathetic are they?!?


*and does anyone have a picture of the guy who asked the question? think its kind of convenient that no one knows who he is? or that no one can say, "oh, i know that guy. he works for _______".

HAHA!What do you guys think of this? Is it damaging to his campaign? Im really hoping Trump Says something positive about Muslims now to rally some support. Seems like he completely didn't hear the question.he said "this has to be the 1st question?" and laughed at it. i think that was his way of dismissing it however, he does feel as though there are some issues within the islamic community having to do with radicals.

i believe that question was a plant. it didnt seem like a genuine question. that was an intentional hit on him. someone looking for a news-clip to be taken out of context.it was, you could hear what sounded like hecklers in the background anyway during the second half of the town hall. It's just a way they think they can nail him on something that drops his support enough for someone else to take the lead. This is getting a lot of buzz and you can be sure that someone in the media will ask Trump if he thinks Obama is a Muslim, etc. He'll correct the record at that time. 

He has to be careful, though, not to fall into situations like these that are easily hyped into making him look racist or kooky. I'm pretty sure he'll walk this back.  He won't apologize but expect an answer along these lines: I'm just not used to dealing with people like this because I surround myself with competent people.  We should look into training camps but I love law-abiding Muslims, I will be so good to Arabs who are good Americans.the problem with the law-abiding ones though is they a lot of them are secretly pro-extremist but don't want to call attention to themselves. And many aren't exactly doing anything active to help their reputation other than saying  "oh those extremists are bad and give us a bad name" they refuse to actively fight to rid themselves of the scumI think he already released a statement, I haven't read it yetObama probably isn't an acutal Muslim, but what he is is an academic leftist. This means he's critical of Western Civilization and anything associated with it. His allegiance is always to the "other," relative to the West. He sees the American "Religious Right" as stupid and dangerous, but is quick to sympathize with Muslims, for instance. He's in favor of anything (gay marriage, feminism, third world immigration, Islam) that is counter to traditional Western (i.e. White) civilization. 
No one's perfect, not even Trump. He still has my vote though because as a candidate its not his job to be the dream police and tell people what to or not to say.This incident is one of the best things that could have happened to the Trump campaign. The millions and millions of Americans who have sensed the insanity of importing and subsidizing a hostile, totally incompatible people into our country have been given a voice, given "permission" to state the obvious. The American people have been so brainwashed by the media and academia's 24/7/365 "diversity is strength" propaganda that the absurdity of going to war with Muslims while simultaneous bringing them here at the same time is simply ignored. 

Trump is like nobody else because he isn't for everyone. Answers like this make it clear whose side he's on (that of Americans.) It makes you realize how much everyone else -- Democrats and Republicans -- is not on our side at all, despite the fact that they're running to be our top representative. I seriously don't see why this is an issue with people. Look, if Obama *isn't* Muslim, he sides with them an awful lot. The fact of the matter is, the so-called "Muslim Community" has done very little to differentiate "good ones" from "bad ones". The so called good ones secretly cheer on ISIS, give money, or other aid to them, try to sign up for them, all while saying America and the west have "satanist values". The little nice old lady down the street who never bothered anyone...you hear on the news some day she had a terror cell hiding out in her basement. The respected Muslim dude who everyone in the community knew and said he was so great, you see a report on the news of him snapping one day, yelling "aloha snackbar" and shooting up a military recruitment center. Muslims are not doing anything to rid their religion of the evil, extremist side. They are unwilling to stand up for the reputation of their kind and do anything to help us get rid of them. You really can't differentiate the good ones from the bad ones anymore because you find out later the ones you thought you could trust stab you in the back later, as happens everytime we aid one group - Kurds, Sunnis Shiites, etc in a fight against the others. As soon as the group we help wins, they turn around and call us "the Great Satan" and declare jihad on us, saying crap like we desecrated "Muslim Holy Land" by building  military base there - when we were invited in to help. They also claim the desecration anywhere we were likely to build on so pretty much anywhere is "muslim holy land" to them for the purposes of accusing us later. 

Frankly, I don't think anyone is wrong with bias against Muslims, and I don't think being anti-Muslim is bad for a President. They're another one of those groups who come here and don't want to assimilate, they want to retain their whole 'culture', if you can call it that, Sharia law and all that. well there are muslim americans and most of them are good people. so, as the president he does have to do his best to represent everyone. however, i do not think he should be politically correct and pretend as if there arent islamic terrorists and we dont have anything to worry about. its a thin line and obviously a topic that the anti-trump crowd is planning on using to discredit him. trump is smart though, he will find the right angle. trolling not working out as expected, huh?How is it trolling?you know howHow about a 7th? We ought to strengthen the 1st amendment.
You should be able to have a opinion  no matter how it's politically incorrect without being persecuted for it by individuals. 

There are people who would dox you,and then try to get you fired.
For this reason alone many people are afraid to say their minds.

The folks who dox someone to get the person fired  infringe  one's 1st amendment .

How about a 8th?

We could make it so that the government can't force treatments on the individual.
Vaccines themselves are not the issue. The issue is that the government can for a medical procedure  on the individual. It could be vaccines or it could be a microchip implant in the hands of children in the name of safety.
People criticize him on this and then say he's a liberal, etc. He's just doing what any good businessman does. If the laws are stopping you from what you want to do, grease the wheels. Lobby to get them changed. If a politician can get you what you want, why wouldn't you schmooze them?Can't stump the Trump.talk about hypocrisy. 

does this mean hilary is sexist? 

does she hate all women?

was this a jab at all men who dont have great hair?

how DARE she! i am OFFENDED!To me, the debate and the rest of the trail to the primaries is in order to find the best vice president. I don't see any serious contenders to take out Trump and I don't think it's possible. He did fine last night. If the media hasn't taken him out at the knee caps yet, they never will. 

I liked the part where Carson called him an OK doctor. I think Carson is a really smart guy, but doesn't have strong leadership qualities. I think he'd make a terrific vice president. I think the both of them, working as a team, would cover up each other's weaknesses perfectly and make America great again.That was a joke off of a comment Trump made about a week ago where he called Carson an "ok doctor."  You can say what you want about Carson as a politician, but he was undoubtedly at the top of the medical field when he left.Funniest part of the night was when they were talking about their code names, I was thinking to myself "Trump seems humble tonight" RIGHT before he himself said his name would be humble!
I got a good laugh out of that.I am so tired of people using trumps bankruptcies as a talking point.  It is a really stupid criticism that only people who don't understand limited liability will believe.  Forina bringing up really bugged me, because it was pure politically pandering when she did it.  She was a CEO and obviously knows its a stupid point.
 
It makes about as much sense as GWB mocking Kerry's military service, even though he won a silver star as a gun boat captain or something.  It was obvious the agenda was to make him look bad, by all the candidates and especially CNN. They all failed miserably. The stuff they tried to get him on, especially Carly's 'face', was a non issue, a cheap shot in from CNN'S moderators and something that fancy has no place in a serious debateHe seems to know the tax system better than anyone else. And his punch at Rand Paul although harsh was hilarious >And I will tell you this: Atlantic City, I've made a tremendous amount of money in Atlantic City. I left seven years ago, I've gotten great credit for my timing, and that's what I'm all about.

Ha! In your face, AC! Buncha losers. Trump knows a dump when he sees one. He walked out on the shit hole at the perfect time. That's money. He really fucked Jeb in the ass last night.  My god.  Bush demanding an apology for his wife and Trump just says "no."   Lol.  Then Jeb just stands there dumbfounded.That was amazing.  Basically, that would be his reaction when foreign leaders say no to him. He didn't do anything to hurt him. That's important. He kept his cool and he had a few good points here and there. He had a bad point and a good point at the same time when talking about vaccines. I disliked his belief that vaccines cause autism but I also liked his idea to not inject everything at the same time. Other than that, he was okay and that's all he needed to be since he is leading in the polls
According to most polls, Trump was around 50% with Fiorina around 20%That was my only wtf moment.  i wanted him to correct her and say "Carly I was talking about you specifically, not all women."   Because she is trying to take his words about her and turn it into some attack against all women.
the same way Jorge Ramos takes his words about illegal immigration and tries to make it about all immigration.
>I'm Donald Trump. I wrote "The Art of the Deal". I say not in a braggadocious way, I've made billions and billions of dollars dealing with people all over the world....
>>I never attacked him on his look, and believe me, there's plenty of subject matter right there.

I don't want to speak in hyperbole (that's a word, look it up you losers) but Donald Trump is the greatest master of double talk to ever live in the history of the world. Ever. Lolled for a solid minuteHe did okay but there are troubling signs that he's going to try being more politically correct. He seemed to lay off Fiorina. Why? Because the media is portraying like an attack on her is an attack on women.Troubling signs? Explain why laying off someone is a troubling sign. A troubling sign of what?Trump did great. His answer on the vaccines was his best of the night. They probably thought they'd have him cornered and his long-term prospects ruined with that one, but he had the Doctor agreeing with him after he was done answering. He'd wiggle out of trouble even easier if they asked him a birther question. 

I think the best performances of the night were Trump, Rubio, and Christie. I'd throw Fiorina in there with those three if she hadn't reinforced Trump's negative comments about her face by choosing "Secretariat" as her SS name. 

The biggest losers of the night were Bush and Kasich, hands down. Carson and Paul also performed very poorly. 

I hope that Kasich sees some erosion of support in NH and that this support goes to Christie or Trump instead. Trump may get a small bounce overall from this but he didn't knock it out of the park IMO. He didn't have to, and no one really ran away with this one. It was a good debate. I'm actually a little disappointed in the way he acted.  I have been a huge supporter since day one...but I feel as though he was acting like a bit of a child.  Why go after Rand Paul with the comment about his looks?  And why keep mentioning his "one percent" of support?  The way he brought these things up just didn't seem professional to me.  This debate in general had a lot of, "yes you are!"  "No I am not!" Moments and Trump was a big part of that. Paul keeps yapping at him and he has zero support.  They need to trim the field down by 2 every debate.  Its ridiculous trying to divide  3 hours between 11 people whata cluster.  Keeping the 1%ers around is retarded, If you havent got traction after 2 debates Murica don't like you. The most surprising thing to me is that people are just now realizing that Trump is like this. He is a reality TV rockstar, he's not presidential material.Ban this filthI think it's kind of ironic his wife is MexicanDonald Trump didn't attack his wife, I can't believe the gall of Jeb BushLots of people on my Facebook feed excoriating Brady despite praising him last week. This is in an area of the country where most people are Patriots' fans. I live in Connecticut and a lot of people I talk to in the real world actually are pro-Trump. I hate Brady, the way he is as a player, and how much of a douche he comes off as, (and I'm a Giants fan so I take comfort in knowing we dumped his ass in 2 consecutive Super Bowl match ups) but I gotta give him props to openly endorse Trump like that. Brady comes off as a great guy to me. The perfect season was one call away.  In the other Super Bowl it wasn't really Brady's fault that his top receiver didn't perform. Welker was great but seemed to have an issue with performing in the biggest moments. 

I'm from CT just about dead center in between NY and Boston. Plenty of Giants fans here. I'd say it must be tough to root for the team that doesn't even have its own stadium and whose QB is only the 2nd best guy named "Manning" in the NFL today but those two Super Bowl victories makes up for it. I guess. I'm not a huge fan of Coulter, but she gets it right here. If you need any evidence that the liberal media is out of touch with the rest of society, you can just look at how they approach his campaign. FTA:

> Bush is fond of saying he’s his “own man,” with an emphasis on the “own” part -- to shrug off the gilded albatross of his family’s mixed political legacy -- but these days Trump is making Bush answer for the word “man” too.

> Trump has attacked everybody in the field who threatens him but no one as effectively as Bush, insulting Bush’s wife on Twitter, slamming him as “low-energy,” and suggesting over and over that Bush might be too much of a wimp to put up a fight against the Democrats, or anybody else.
> it aint over til ann romney cries.  on election night.  late.  

Good article. Tells it like it is. HUZZAH! We need more articles like this!Liberals are some of the most hostile people to others with different/opposing opinions. If you care about your place in work, and your friends, I'd be part of the silent majority and vote when the time comes.I never talk about politics to anyone.  It has nothing to do with liking Trump.  Just bringing up politics is bad form imo.  You can talk about it with some people you know really well, on occasion, if you feel like it.  3 things to avoid at work - Sex, Politics, Religion. That being said, I wear my support openly. I cant wait to get me some campaign shirts and such. When anyone starts in on me, I pull the vet card. I start politely with a comment like "remind me what is was you did again to ensure the right to vote?"

If that doesn't work, I just go full on war-power and explain that all my brothers and sisters who didn't come back don't think highly of you treading on my rights. and if that still doesn't get through, I label them a vet hater and let them try to prove they aren't. People don't like vet haters, except other real vet haters. The silent majority!That's really unfortunate how uninformed and partisan some voters become. I feel for you, I work with an Latino American who thinks Trump is a racist. We get along pretty well though, we just can't talk politics is allI simply say that I prefer Trump over Scumbag Hillary and Socialist Bernie Sanders. People understand and don't say much to oppose it. Then I explain why Trump is the best chance we have to balance the budget and go on about how other countries think we are a joke. Then I talk about how illegal immigration is a problem and at least the guy is addressing it and no one opposes that either. By the end of these conversations I convince the crowd of liberals that supporting Trump isn't an outrageous position for a small business owner; and sometimes even get some people to admit he is the best canidate. And I live in a super liberal city. Just take it with baby stepsIve got a few converts myself with very similar talking points. Yeah its not that hard to do. For me its easier because I had a slightly liberal mindset and flipped to a more conservative one because of Trump and being scared of socialist Bernie taxing me to hell to fund universal healthcare or some crapWe are the same people.That's just the normal intolerance of tolerance common on the left.  i feel for you.  Maybe you should look for new employment.I suspect a lot of people are in this boat, but let me ask, why is it the silent majority? What gives others the right to be open about their support and beliefs, but not us?You've probably heard the old tail about the squeaky wheel getting the grease.  Liberals are the intolerant squeaky wheel.I don't talk about it at work. I've just recently come out on Facebook and Twitter in support of Donald Trump. A lot of people have more sensitive workplaces than me so I understand the hesitance.I lost my job over trump at a pizza delivery place. No lie....Reagan's hair?Looks to me like Trump was done signing autographs and nobody, including a black guy, got an autograph after a certain point. 

You'd have to really stretch to turn this into something racial, but it doesn't surprise me that plenty of people are. The media will take any opportunity to turn nothing into a shitstorm. "oh, he stopped signing autographs and the guy who would have been next was black...RACIST!"He doesn't pander.  there were a lot of white hands stuck out that didn't get a shake and many things held up that didn't get signed.  There were over 20,000 people there.  Do you think 1% of the people who wanted a personal interaction with him got it? 

You can bet any of the other politicians would have picked him out of the crowd and pandered to him.  I don't think Trump thinks that way.

At one point as he exited the dallas rally through the crowd.. not by going through the sides, there was a black man with a cowboy hat on.. he had something he wanted signed and Trump walked right by him.  he shook two hands and then looked over his shoulder and saw the guy and walked back and shook his hand and had a laugh with him.

People who want to see racism will see it everywhere they look.. I call it the Vester Flanagan syndrome.  And a lot of people have it, unfortunately. "Trump has long been described in various press reports as a germophobe. He was once quoted calling handshakes "barbaric" and, according to New York magazine, he wrote in his 1997 book that he was a "clean hands freak" and detested shaking hands." 

http://www.businessinsider.com/jeb-bush-donald-trump-is-a-germophobe-2015-9I know that Trump does not have a phobia about Germans...   oh, right that.

I'm not sure what that means.. I've seen him shake hundreds of hands just in the brief times I've seen him on tv when he was with 31,000 people in alabama and 21,000 in Texas and thousands in new Hampshire.

He can't shake all those hand though.  If he is a germophobe than he's setting it aside to shake hands with voters. Yeah obviously totally racist.  Im sure hes ignored black people all his life and the first time it came to anyones attention was this rally since the media/establishment isnt combing through everything trying to find SOMETHING that will take him out.are you serious? how desperate.Your view, is the cool picture.Had to fight off the media for that one [This](http://m.imgur.com/PzIWBNa) was my view.Must have been pretty cool.Awesome.Rock on brother. He will send those donors and special interests packing.Oh that's so cool! I was at the rally, 2nd level, and I had so much fun. How early did you have to arrive to get such a prime spot?I went in somewhere between supporting Trump and just enjoying the spectacle. I thoroughly enjoyed the spectacle, but now I'm 100% on board. The friend I went with is in the same boat. She's now super gung-ho for him now too!I got there at 4:00, 2 hours early How was his hand shake?
Weak, strong, or like a rock?Strong as an ox, his hand is very large too.As a veteran, I approve of this endorsement. He got his fucking clock cleaned by a failed CEO in tonight's debate. Destroyed on foreign policy. Fiorina destroyed him and called him out and nuked him. The beginning of the end of Trump.She pretty much insinuated that an insult against her was an insult against all women.  I think out side the tv land that women will see this as the pandering that it is.   If she wants to be treated equal than she can damn well stand on her own two feet and take an insult without trying to put it on all women.   All women didn't lay off 30,000 employee's and destroy a company with a terrible acquisition or did they?
She was very rehearsed on some foreign policy buzzwords though so she has that going for her. Oh the cliché of a draft dodger on or in front of a war ship....how many deferments did he have again?Go back to Sanders page and get your free handouts there.the estimate is in, Sanders plan will cost 18 Trillion. Aint nothing free about that. 

VOTE TRUMP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Go join the military and get you self killed on someone's lie.I'm a vet, I'm still alive. Made some great friends and actually earned my free education, unlike all you Bernie supporters.  You disgust me. He was there speaking to Veterans who fought for your right to say that and their right to hear a speaker they invited to speak there. 

Veterans haven't fought for our rights to say anything since 1945...back up the blind hero worship.I think that you are a disgusting person.  I feel a bit of pity for you really.  I hope whatever is up your ass sideways works itself out one day.took Sanders rod out of your mouth long enough to come over here and troll? Go play with the iPhone you can't afford but feel entitled to, or "occupy" something. He was against both wars in Vietnam and Iraq. The old chickenhawk argument isn't flying anymore.He's being supported because he wants to take care of veterans, both the politcal parties have failed in providing that service. Why should they not abandon them? The democrats are openly anti military in addition to neglecting vets.Is Bernie talking about the VA? lolThat's pretty amusing. 

Thousands of liberals always threaten to leave the country if a Republican wins. Too bad they never follow through on their threat.Alec Baldwin was supposed to leave almost 15 years ago. He's still here! Nobody will take them.  I'm totally serious.  Canada, Australia, all the places that speak English and wear nice clothes won't take them unless they have a valuable skill and are likely to contribute their adopting society.  I hope they do leave honestly but I'm bothered by the fact that they said they'd go to two places in the US...Many of them probably do not realize that these places are in the US. That's even worse... How don't they know that Hawaii and Alaska are US states? Do they know who Sarah Palin is? People are morons. Howard Stern, Jay Leno, Sean Hannity, Bill O'Reilly, and even Pat Robertson have been able to send people out on the street to produce content for their shows where the content is real interviews with clueless Americans. It's not hard for them to do and these skits are a good reason why higher voter turnout isn't really a good thing. You know, you're right about that, and [I've seen how true it is.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3mfH0MNfako) But... Damn...Granted, they probably have to interview about 15 people to find one person that clueless.I believe Howard Stern did it live with minimal screening. What about that elusive 57th state?Good, I'll pack for themGood, less liberals in the way to true progress back to success!Hilarious. I just read this off USA today, and came here to see if anyone else found these uneducated, more than likely uninformed voters, as stupid as I found them. Its funny how they choose two States where the cost of living is some of the highest in the nation. Enjoy your $6 gas and $20 Cokes. Also don't take a Selfie with a Grizzle they don't care about your YOLO, Swag, Facebook status.There's a lot of tough words and he even tried to take credit for destroying the Democratic party in Louisiana.  Jindal is picking a fight with Trump because he has nothing to lose, polling at about 0%. Trump will squash him like a gnat. I don't understand the logic of "I'm doing terrible in the polls so I'm going to spend my time attacking the guy in front." Doesn't he have more important things to focus on like advancing his own campaign?

Under different circumstances I'd have more respect for Jindal, but Trump is right to ignore him. He'll be out soon enough.There was a bit of conventional wisdom a while back that *someone* in the GOP would just have take one for the team and go after Trump. That was before the current narrative of "invincible Trump".  Is it sound policy now for a hopeful? It doesn't seem that promising right now. But the flip side is when does Trump's ride end? At some point the fact that the GOP doesn't want to nominate him is going to become salient. But that isn't now. So now his attacks come off as desperate, especially when most people know he has no chance of getting further on. Go home jindal, you're drunk with jealousyThis is huuuuuge.Of course the networks had to cut off the last 10 mins or so of his speech... at least the stream I was watching from some fox station in Phoenix kept going right to the end.I think Establishment Super PAC would be a better description.  Lets also not forget the letter these guys sent to Trump asking for $1 million dollars like it was nothing.   They got pretty upset when he turned them down and made it known that shortly after he did so they began attacking them.  They are nothing but a strong arm organization. we always talk about throwing the bums out, but our only choices are more bums.  Trumps the first dude that really seems different than the others in a long time.Oh I agree - this entire Presidential campaign is turning into a really bad example of politics in general. I can't believe we have another year of this stuff. We are already getting political "beg" calls at dinnertime :(

Personally, I'm not excited about anyone yet. I just thought that was an interesting story for the moment.It's hard to believe the "Trump is just another politician" attack will stick. Really great event. Absolutely packed. Crazy energy. If anybody gets a chance to see the guy live, it isn't comparable to anything else in politics. There an electricity about him and his followers that doesn't exist with ANY other candidates. And I had some great conversations with fellow supporters on my train home (and some not so great exchanges w/ protesters as I left the AAC).

\#DonaldDoesDallasEveryone's using that photo now with the lady's expression. Trying to assert all Trump supporters are crazy fanatics.I get this pro-wrestling vibe from this year's campaigning.I think less of Carson after this stuff.  First he stands up and with a very passive aggressive and weak attack on Trumps faith.  Then the next morning he apologizes and pulls it back.  Why did he say it if he didn't mean it?  Is this what we could expect him to act like towards the legislature? Donald's got [30%](http://www.cnn.com/2015/09/10/politics/donald-trump-ben-carson-cnn-poll/) right now. And that's with +12 others still in the field. Once that starts clearing up his lock on the nomination is going to happen.20% chance - and the bid price has been steadily growing for 90 days - both on the president one and the nomination. The market is showing what naysayers can't accept. Time to get in now, just going to be more obvious every day. Trump's finally getting air time on the talk shows and CNN.Glad I bought in tonight - it's up to 23 cent's per share now (23% chance).And now Perry's out and Trumps price is up.So genius to get an Iowa colored hat. Man's the absolute best at branding.Standard practice at this point. It's ok to be a closet trump supporter. Just remember to vote.He better be, the establishment is going after him hard, I hope he can pull through. It's a media talking point. They take what he's saying out of context as a sound byte then run apeshit with it. Just like what he said about Carly. He never said she was homely looking or something like that. Just a chance for the media to make phony hate for himYea I never realized how biased the political media was until I started following everything trump about a month ago.absolutely. 

its funny because its almost like a litmus test of who only reads headlines and listens to edited news clips vs who actually reads articles and watches entire speeches, interviews, debates, etc...

so far, all the anti-trump people say the same things. all those same things come from a few media resources. a new article comes out and then the zombies have a new talking point for a few days before it gets exposed as a distortion of the truth (at the very least) and they are on to the next line of b.s.Nope?Are you secretly Donald Trump ? This is the only way your post history and stance would make sense do you just parrot whatever you hear on the news and not actually ever think for yourself? this is the only way your post history and stance would make sense.Your "facts " aren't  facts . He was clearly referring to Mexicans as rapists . Why else would he say "I assume some of them are good " ? You're in a fantasy land. It's just sad . You're clearly passionate but you're not dealing in reality not at all. he explained it himself. and again, even if he did say some ILLEGALS are rapists, its true. Good interview. Trump did an excellent job with it.would be a glorious 2 years.If they aren't showing the rally outside in the Victory Plaza, they should. It would be a striking image to have the arena full and the overflow packed watching out there.No. And I'm glad he isn't.I agree with the last line: "Fun times ahead!"Good. F UnivisionWhy do we call him the donald and not the Trump?Ivana Trump started it when she referred to him as "The Donald" instead of "Donald" thanks to her Czech accent back in the 80's. New York journalists ran with it, turning it into his nickname in the papers back when he was mainly a celebrity in NYC only (which, his fame quickly spread to a National level in no time). 

that would be hilariousExcept that he never actually commented on her physical appearance. He was speaking about her attitude and how she comes off. But the media took it out of context and is running with the notion he actually called her (a woman!) 'Unattractive'That's literally what the article is explaining. If you haven't read the rolling stone article... I would highly recommend it.I think a Trump-Carson ticket seems like the best bet at this point in time>I think a Trump-Carson ticket seems like the best bet at this point in time

Carson has nothing to offer Trump though. 

He doesn't offer added policy experience, he doesn't bring in foreign policy experience, he doesn't help get swing states, he doesn't bring in enough of the black vote to make it worthwhile.

If Trump were to get the nomination, which I believe he will, it will be nearly unprecedented. The last candidate to not have any political experience was Wendell Willkie (R) back in 1940. 

Doubling up on a lack of experience would not be a good idea.i think carson offers a softer touch, he is black so that will open up more voters for them and would also negate the "trump is racist!" b.s., he is very intelligent, medical professional so his views on health care would probably be respected, etc..

i dont know if he would be a good VP but i think he would probably help trump get elected. 

The article rightfully points out that this combo is unlikely. I'd vote for it, though.I want a Trump-Trump ticket.This comment has been overwritten by an open source script to protect this user&apos;s privacy. 

   If you would like to do the same, add the browser extension [GreaseMonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) to Firefox and add [this open source script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite).   

 Then simply click on your username on Reddit, go to the comments tab, and hit the new OVERWRITE button at the top.silent majority...Interesting....but Trump has some baggage and Bush also has barrels of cash to advertise this.When Donald goes up he will never come down His quote on Trump being a narcissist out for himself sounds like he's describing all the career politicians.

He is wrong about Trump being an egomaniac. He has his ego under control. How could he go on stage night after night with everyone making fun of his hair and calling him names. Check Scott Adams blog for a nice post about this point.

Trump is much smarter than these other guys, they don't even see him coming.

Wait for Trump to twitter Matthew 6:5 and 6:6

"And when thou prayest, thou shalt not be as the hypocrites are: for they love to pray standing in the synagogues and in the corners of the streets, that they may be seen of men. Verily I say unto you, They have their reward..
But thou, when thou prayest, enter into thy closet, and when thou hast shut thy door, pray to thy Father which is in secret; and thy Father which seeth in secret shall reward thee openly."

That will attach the label to those who attacked him on the basis of faith as hypocrites. 

Welcome to the meat grinder Gov. Jindal.Love the Scott Adams posts on Trump A politician calling someone a “narcissist” and “egomaniac".

lolSeemed like a good guy but when you mess with the bull you better be ready for the horns. Jeb, Graham, and Perry, can tell you about that. He deserves it for refusing to acknowledge the pledge Trump persuaded him to sign Jindal is a very nice guy but is at the bottom of the polls.  His desperation is palpable.. this was his play to get some attention that he hasn't been able generate on his own merits sadly.

Carson is also a nice guy and he attacked trump too.  it was a passive aggressive and weak attack but it was still an attack.  Also Fiorina has been jabbing him for a while and this comment that sounds like it was done outside the interview process while they were watching tv came out.   It's almost too perfect like the party got together and decided to all pounce on Trump at once and knock him out.

I think this is good news as Trump now has lots to talk about in the media.   I suspect this will turn out well for trump in the end.  All the talking heads disagree and they haven't been right about anything regarding Trump yet, so that is a good sign. Actually, the obvious move for Trump is to do nothing and outright ignore this. The rule about not punching down is not to be polite, it's because throwing a punch implies you are at or below the target's level.

Jindal wishes that he would get a punch. No joke.I hope when Trumps ask for a comment on Jindals attack he looks into to the camera and say's WHO?He's being smart right now by not responding to jindal.  On his twitter page he posted, "I don't know him because he wasn't on the debate stage so I never met him."  and then another saying "I don't respond to people with less than 1%"

I think that's all the response he needs.  Jindal has no momentum at all..  Trump doing a back and forth with him would only give him attention he can't earn on his own merit.   Jindal is a non-entity as far as this race goes. 

I just wonder if it was really the desperate move it seems or if he was promised something by the establishment to really attack Trump hard.   He's so far behind in the polls he has chances on the level of Santorum which is nill.   so it really doesn't hurt him to go after trump and the special interest backed establishment has to have someone to try to take Trump down. i honestly did not even know jindal was running for president until this speech. he is running, right?

kind of funny when the only way you can be slightly relevant is by attacking the top dog. little bobby is trying to get some scraps. poor bobby. in over his head.I think his campaign was over and he got a deal with the establishment to be the Kamikaze candidate to use what ever money he has left from donors to just attack Trump in hopes of bringing him down.  And you are right, he would get no coverage unless the word "Trump" was coming out of his mouth. would not surprise me. im sure they are all going to line up one by one to do their kamikaze death dive on trump as their dreams of winning the nomination get crushed. then once trump absorbs them all, they will all have to bow down and kiss his ring and say "sorry daddy trump, we love you now! go team!". that will be fun to watch.Oh maybe he'll actually say something useful for once. "Trump Trump Trump  Trump" OK. The Donald makes everyone thinks he's an imbecile, then BOOM they get trumped in the debate. Genius.All these establishment republicans trying to talk me out of voting for Trump is making me want to vote for him more.  Also, Donald Trump not being very religious is a PLUS for most folks, especially after seeing how hateful the righteous Christians have been with this whole gay marriage thing.I really hope Stephen is fairIt would be a shame if Trump had to counter punch Colbert right as his show is starting. Certainly won't be good for ratings Trump never said anything about her physical appearance. The liberal media just took what they wanted out of context to start a non issue...par for the course. He was talking about her attitudeTrump: So much winning, you will be tired or winning!so now we have the coach of the greatest team ever ('85 bears) and the most winning quarterback (tom brady) ever supporting trump.

i will say it again, winners like winners.daaaaaaa bearsssthe great ditka has spoken

daaaaaaaa bearsTrump and Ditka in the same room? I don't know if I can handle all that alpha.Interesting that being an outsider with no experience is now an advantage. Carson and Trump....actually starting to believe that Trump could win.I guess we'll find out shortly after his attack if it's possible to get negative poll numbers.   He doesn't have far to go to hit zero already.That attack video Jindal made is shit, yes Trump is winning and you're losing, yes I'm serrious Bobbyi didnt even know jindal was running for president until this speech. so, jindal can only be slightly relevant if he tries to bash trump. that is funny. 

sit down bobby.Giants fan, hate Brady as a player and the douche he is off the field but I gotta give him props for this.do, what doha.. its funny because i went back and forth over that. i think it makes sense both ways...and who cares? did you not understand the sentence because of it?You're wrong and I didn't read your post because of your stupid titlei am *so* hurt but you are *so* funny. i dont know how to feel.Bad, trump would be dissappointed in youanother hilarious joke! boy, you are a funny guy!I don't know why you think I'm kidding I try to help you with your title and you get all defensiveim shocked you havent done more with yourself considering how absolutely hilarious you are and how well you know your grammaryou know what, thank you, lets get back to helping Donald Trump have some kind of a presence on this stupid websitethen maybe dont point out tiny grammatical errors that make no difference.

personally, i think 'does' sounds more natural than 'do' anyways.No it doesn't are you retarded, did you finish pre schooltalk about shitty sentence structure! youre gonna have to work on that!**TRUMP STATUS: UNSTUMPED**Have to admit to a bit of temptation to buy the `istrumpstumped.com` domain now.They have been decimated by mass immigration and free trade. If Sanders is the Dem I would expect that number to bump up to around 33%.This comment has been overwritten by an open source script to protect this user&apos;s privacy. 

   If you would like to do the same, add the browser extension [GreaseMonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) to Firefox and add [this open source script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite).   

 Then simply click on your username on Reddit, go to the comments tab, and hit the new OVERWRITE button at the top.Or they just like people who are badass.  Look at all the rappers.  Trump is about as gansta as a presidential candidate can get.  basically every classic rapper has put trump in their songs, always with respect. 67 different songs.

https://youtu.be/7UjCVW3UEFcI think most people dont care about yelling as long as the jobs getting done.  No one in politics has gotten the job done in decades.They have taken supreme care of billionaires. Or whomever is funding them.Looks like state delegates are the key to getting the party nomination. Hopefully the RNC doesn't try pulling a fast one next year.Yeah and if the Republican Establishment does some BS like that then I'll take my Vote and shove it right up their ass. Voting 3rd Party or Writing In.Trump is the only GOP candidate with landslide victory potential, unless something dramatic happens between now and election day of course. Just wait til he no longer has to focus on the GOP nomination and focuses on the general electorate. He's much better at this stuff than most career politicians. NO ONE CAN STUMP THE TRUMP![deleted]Scary if you hate greatness.Boo for this Krugman opinion piece. The title tricks you into believing it will be a pro-Trump article, but then he calls Trump a racist in the first paragraph and other insults like "ignorant blowhard" throughout.

A typical liberal attack article disguised as something else.Krugman doesn't write a lot about economics anymore. I was excited to see that he might say something positive for once, about someone other than his usual Democrat favorites of a certain ilk (e.g. he doesn't say good things about Bernie Sanders, but seems to like others), but am disappointed by Krugman, as usual.if he were to take one of the runners-up, I'd say Carson or Cruz, maybe RubioCruz would be a good choice. He is bright and has plenty of experience in politics. He seems more competent than Rubio, to me.I think it would be funny if he offered it to Hilliary. No way she would take it, but he could say I reached out to the left and they slapped my hand a way.He should pick Bernie Sanders and they should run together as Independents. Or maybe Bernie should just go over to the GOP. Trump and Sanders have similar, good stances on immigration and tax policy. Bernie is more pro-2nd Amendment than the other Democrats. He would give Trump even broader support and appeal, and further weaken Hillary's chances.This comment has been overwritten by an open source script to protect this user&apos;s privacy. 

   If you would like to do the same, add the browser extension [GreaseMonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) to Firefox and add [this open source script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite).   

 Then simply click on your username on Reddit, go to the comments tab, and hit the new OVERWRITE button at the top.Why hide who supports any candidate? I feel as if it gives a good representation of the candidates followers. Just like David Duke (The former Grand Wizard of the KKK) who also supports Trump.The same reason any person should vote for him. He's the only one with tangable ideas who has the charisma to break through the nonsense in Washington and get a little done.entertainment value if nothing elseHis methodology doesn't really appeal to any one group but rather Americans as a whole. We're now 40 years into the great free trade & mass immigration experiment and it has failed. We have huge trade deficits, a huge overall budget deficit, employment numbers that are at 40 year lows and it can't continue. He's a protectionist who will look out for Americans, these other establishment guys won't.The Jews hate him. He embraced the Israeli lobby like long lost lovers. If they hated him, he wouldn't be doing well.Is that who you are? "An Arab"? Is that supposed to explain to us your full political identity, so that no more words are necessary? That's it? No further elaboration required?

I don't know if you should vote for Trump. I don't know if _I_ should vote for Trump. Despite subscribing here I have to admit I'm still ambivalent at best. But if I am voting for Trump, it is because it is the closest thing I can get to voting against the form of identity politics where someone thinks just stating their very rough ethnicity is supposed to be enough to identify them.

You're not "An Arab". You're a person, whose ethnic descent is of the Arab line, but that doesn't fully determine your life experiences, tendencies, or politics.

So, you know, you tell me... why should you or should you not vote for Trump?  You haven't given enough information to do more than vaguely guess on very dehumanized statistical trends. Heck, take a stab at telling me why I should or shouldn't, it's what I'm here for.Because you want to watch the world burn. At least, that's the only reason I'd vote for him—because fuck everyone.Because he will Make America Great Again.This might be racist... but as I understand it Arabs really like "manly" stuff.  They don't like wimpy little whinny dudes.  
 
Politics aside, Trump makes every other candidate (both parties) look like 6 year old girls.  Because I, as a Vietnamese citizen, would vote for him.

The Trumpest reply, ever.At first everyone though he was some TV joke, but the more they know him the more they realize he's seriousyou know your boring when your literally putting other people to sleep, low energy indeed. In North Korea that'd get you executed...That bet I put on Trump is looking more promising by the day. Where did you bet?  What site?[Here,](http://www.skybet.com/politics/us-presidential-election) but I bet when it was around 30/1 for a Trump victory. Odds are not so lucrative now. how much did you bet?
Only £10 but they give you £20 on top of that free so I'll do pretty nicely if he wins. The polls don't matter. The GOP is going to select Bush even if he is a distant third. Hope they get slaughtered for their arrogance. Bush is no conservative. He also prefers to speak Mexican.You realize we live in a democracy right?  The GOP can push for whoever they want, but at the end of the day the people actually vote.We used to live in a Constitutional republic that is currently managed by the massive surveillance state. The GOP picks the candidate to represent the GOP....as long as their chosen candidate is in the top 4...or so. They did exactly that with McCain in 2008 when he was a very distant third. The delegates were told that McCain was the guy and they proceeded to "vote" accordingly. I was working the phone booths almost every day....and I've been a state delegate and/or precinct leader a few times.People literally vote for who the republican candidate is.  The GOP can favor people... but ultimately the people vote.  The 12 guys that run the GOP can't just decide who will win.  They can only try to convince the people who vote in the primaries.  The GOP and DEM candidate get picked when the state delegates meet and vote next spring. The problem occurs when the GOP "suggests" who the state delegates ought to vote for. The GOP "suggested" McCain in 2008 in spite of him being a distant 3rd. I was on the phone talking to the delegates all the time.It actually varies by state how its done.  Some states have a popular vote, others have a caucus.  Either way though... people vote for who they want.  Then how did the GOP pick McCain in 2008? The polls had him at a very distant third place. Then the GOP told the state delegates that McCain was their chosen man. That is what state delegates told me. You read propaganda. I was there.This comment has been overwritten by an open source script to protect this user&apos;s privacy. 

   If you would like to do the same, add the browser extension [GreaseMonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) to Firefox and add [this open source script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite).   

 Then simply click on your username on Reddit, go to the comments tab, and hit the new OVERWRITE button at the top.here are some more links 

http://researchnews.osu.edu/archive/inheritance.htm


http://www.newsmax.com/Finance/StreetTalk/family-wealth-heir-children/2014/06/25/id/579236/


http://money.cnn.com/2014/06/25/luxury/family-wealth/


http://www.ft.com/home/us


https://thefisherlawoffice.wordpress.com/2013/03/22/legacy-lost-dwindling-family-inheritance/


just more evidence that not only in terms of actual worth, what trump did is extremely impressive. most people in his situation would have lost most, if not all of the inheritance. he could have sat back and done absolutely nothing his entire life. however, he worked his ass off and increased his wealth by an enormous amount. 

you know people dont have much of an argument when they are saying a multibillionaire is *that* successful! 

too funnyWell the left does (mis)-use the suffix "phobe" a lotim not on the left vs right thing. both sides can be pretty ridiculous. that is why i like trump. he doesnt mold his views to fit an agenda, he molds an agenda to fit his views. The thing is two families shouldn't control the direction of this country for a quarter century plus. We don't need another Bush or Clinton who were both bought and paid for long ago. They don't care about you. What have they done in the years that they've Governed to make your life so much better? I'll tell you what nothing, they have done nothing. The average American has less wealth, less freedom, and less power after their reign. All these establishment Candidates care about is selling the future of the American people to the highest bidder and what their cut will be, nothing more. IMOi agree but that had nothing to do with my post...Sorry just needed to rant because I find it's usually the Jeb and Clinton Establishment supporters that throw a great deal of the hate.its all good. i understand. 

just keep in mind what i said and watch how the fear controls them. its very interesting.Honestly, if Trump wasn't so outwardly racist and sexist, a lot more people would support him. I know I would, but I won't, not as long as he's a dick.except nothing he said was racist or sexist.

mexico is not a race

being against illegal immigration is not racist

not liking 1 woman doesnt make you sexist

can you think for yourself or do you just let the TV do that for you?God damn! This sub really is full of shit isn't it? 
Oh and I also never said Mexico was a race.so then what did trump say that was racist if you dont think mexicans are a race?

sounds like you are the one that is full of shit.remember this thread?

look at this one posted this morning:

"Thanks for giving us a true reason to fear you Don." https://www.reddit.com/r/AdviceAnimals/comments/3lf0u3/thanks_for_giving_us_a_true_reason_to_fear_you_don/


this is right after trump said, "i am totally in favor of vaccines but i want smaller doses over a longer period of time, same amount in smaller doses" - trump (2:35 into the video)

https://youtu.be/uHcDIHQlFQU

how perfect
all he does is winI love it when people take issue when you want foreigners to speak English and say that's a racist position to take. Conversely when I went to Mexico or play video games on Latin American servers they're super nasty and tell me to speak Spanish or go back to where I'm from. Of course, in that scenario, I'm being insensitive to their culture.

Well maybe America has a culture too. Maybe it's founded on reading, writing, and speaking English.Or maybe it's because America is a melting pot of cultures and you should be able to speak whatever you want. It's all about freedom and 'merica until someone wants to speak their own language.First off, you can speak any language you want to speak in any country. That's not even an issue.

Secondly, a melting pot implies that different cultures are coming together or melting together to form one. Serious cultural problems arise when people don't speak the same language in a country. Look at Belgium for an example or Hong Kong vs mainland China.

Thirdly, English is the international trade language and the unofficial language of the internet. All over the world English is a high priority to know how to speak. So if you don't encourage people to learn English then you're actually doing them a grave disservice.

So why wouldn't it be preferable to encourage people to speak one language that has so many advantages that the majority of people in the country already speak? What's the advantage to accepting a fracture of language within a country when in other countries it causes problems?My point is English should not be forced on anyone. It is, however, in the individuals best interest to learn English, but if they don't then so be it...they'll deal with the consequences later. If Jeb wants to give a speech in Spanish that's his problem. He can do whatever he wants with his campaign, and Trump should stay out.Jeb didn't give a speech in Spanish. He criticized Trump in Spanish. To which Trump said he should be speaking English while in the USA. Do you still feel like Jeb can insult Trump and Trump shouldn't respond?

To be honest, I checked your comment history just to make sure I wasn't being trolled. I suggest you do more research before forming your opinions and keeping an open mind. The media has done an incredible job at character assassinating Trump, but amazingly he's doing great in the polls. Can't keep a good man down so they say.I do keep an open mind. Honestly, he has good ideas/vision, with the exception of a few things but in general he's a dick. With regard to his comments towars mexicans and females, people say he is not being politically correct. They're right, he's not, he's being a racist, sexist asshole. As you may have noticed by snooping through my comments you would know I would consider voting for him if he wasn't such a piece of shit.Trump is not sexist.  Contrary to what the loony feminists would have you believe, insulting individual women who deserve it is not the same thing as insulting womankind as a whole.Yes but he also insulted them in a sexist way. Could he have asserted his opinion in a different way? Yes but he chose not to because he's a dick.No sounds to me like you think women should be free to dish it out and not take it because muh oppreshun.how did he insult them in a "sexist" way? were the women being "sexist" for what they did to him? was rosie o'donnel being "sexist" when she made fun of his hair and voice? how is that any different? or do you just expect a double standard?

same with your comment on racism. you claim he said racist things. i asked you what he said that was racist. still waiting for that reply too... That's the media's character assassination. I haven't seen him say anything that was racist or sexist. That's why I think you should do a little more research.Wow. This sub is such a circle jerk. Users being annoying as hell to anti trump people just so we can leave you to your Trump circle jerking. Ha. I don't know what I was expecting.the french are notorious for this tooi cant believe Jeb put it up on the T for the Don like that.Terrible noisewell now that it's happened, the RNC better give him the nomination if he stays the #1. Trump is what the GOP needs, what they should be and they need to deal with it and stop the establishment mentality.He is. It's pretty obvious the guy has an agenda to just go out there and make Trump look bad with gotcha questions and try to get sound bytes to play out of context later. Jorge is a complete shillJorge Ramos is a douchebag.Hmm... Trump makes racist comments over a whole nationality and tells women they'd look better on their knees. Who's the douche again?Jorge Ramos is the douche......again!> Ramos shot back, “I don’t think you are the right person to lecture me on advocacy and journalism.”

I think he is very much the right kind of person to say that to Ramos.
Romney would just help Hillary win.I actually disagree, a lot of the stuff Romney got hammered for saying in 2012 have turned out to be true particularly on foreign policy. He could run an "I told you so" campaign. Romney would be a great alternative to the clowns and rookies running against Trump right now. In this crop the best guys besides Trump are a couple of rookies, Cruz and Rubio. In the likely scenario where Romney doesn't jump back in, there is a decent chance that *Cruz* becomes the establishment guy after the Super Tuesday/SEC Primary week is over. Pretty much the establishment's nightmare scenario! The establishment shouldn't have thrown its weight behind Jeb Bush, that's for sure. I'm a Canadian, so just in the peanut gallery ;)

>The establishment shouldn't have thrown its weight behind Jeb Bush, that's for sure.

I can't disagree with that.Romney has the opportunity to make a really devastating series of commercials:

1. Romney says X is a problem.
2. _snap cut_ "8 hours later" Clinton or Obama saying it's not a problem.
3. _snap cut_ "1 year later" New York Times headline about X.

Repeat three or four times.

"Want a do-over, America?"

(Not saying I necessarily support or would vote for him, but it would be a devastating commercial.)Nobody *but* Trump has been able to get people excited and fired up about fixing what's wrong. A lot are business-as-usual Republicans in mavericks' clothing, others are career politicians just trying to further their careers, still others have nothing substantial to offer. Trump has a plan and he doesn't mince words about what he wants to do.Listen, Donald Trump is the most popular candidate to ever to run for president in the history of America. Millions of people know this. If you don't know that Trump is a hero or an anti-hero or whatever, you're a retarded loser. Your whole family is probably losers. I don't need some article to tell me what I already know. Haha. Awesome.Now, try taking Bernie's mic.Cuckservatives emasculate themselves.its not just hillary, its all of themThis comment has been overwritten by an open source script to protect this user&apos;s privacy. 

   If you would like to do the same, add the browser extension [GreaseMonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) to Firefox and add [this open source script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite).   

 Then simply click on your username on Reddit, go to the comments tab, and hit the new OVERWRITE button at the top.LOLThis is goodThis stuff will irritate the establishment, but it will certainly appeal to moderates. He's signalling that he's his own man and not some party line guy. Shinah is the new China by the way. I love China. People say Donald Trump hates China but he loves China, too. He deals with China. Don't tell Donald Trump about China because he knows China. China. Whatever. Like you've ever even been to China. Chinese people respect Donald Trump when he's in China because of his golden hair. Golden hair very lucky, they say in China. You think people in China respect Obama's hair? Whatever. Hair is a big thing in China culture. You know what else is big in Shinah? Money. People in China know Trump has like $10 billion, he's loaded and China people get that. The name Trump sounds very close to the Chinese word for money, that's an absolutely true fact about China, no one can dispute that.  I can't wait for Trump to show everybody how you deal with China. Grow some balls. Dick picks may not make you a perv, but doing it as a married public official, and not being able to stop after getting caught - it makes you a dumbass.

No wonder Hillary and Huma are so close, they probably bonded over their horndog husbands.Would love to see a positive Bitcoin stance of Trump's campaign.+. WAY +.The $125,000,000 dud. Maybe this really is somewhat of an end to "politics as usual." 

Trump pointed it out, too. Watch here for 2 minutes (link skips to 29:40) -

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-s-ucskHH98#t=29m40sJust because Trump listed mental illness and illegal immigration in the same sentence doesn't mean the solutions are the same.

He's a businessman, each challenge is like a big building. They are separate, but they are both big. Iran is another problem, again with different solutions.

He was talking about how the mentally ill people who are homeless and dysfunctional should be living somewhere with care. People who are self-sufficient and living productive lives are outside the scope of his point.

(Edited)In his response yesterday after the shooting in Virginia, he listed that guns are not the problem. Mental health is the problem. 

Please see link: http://www.cnn.com/2015/08/27/politics/donald-trump-virginia-shooting-mental-health-gun-laws/index.html 

He is a savvy businessman who knows exactly what he is saying and how it weighs. I had hoped your ideas were what he meant, but I am not sure now. Exactly.  Mental illness IS the problem, NOT guns.Oh come on now, Trump was not suggesting or insinuating the USA "banish" those with mental illness.  That's not what he was saying, that's not what he meant and you know it.   The assertion is absurd.  

Yeah this is ridiculousIt's good to be on the lookout for potential ramifications (infringement on rights) of public policy. So it's a legit question, certainly. At this point, I'd like to hear his actual position. Then there is the question of what he can personally do to effect change and, potentially, infringe upon your/our rights. 

I'm not sure he's saying people with any diagnosable mental disorder should be rounded up, tagged and monitored, or confined. He implies the mental problem is very difficult, whereas the solution to the immigration problem is not as difficult morally or legally.

It's a good question though.In post-war Germany, a popular issue in contemporary philosophy was the issue of the Nazis being popular, yet irrational and obviously damaging to the country. Why would a country support a candidate who made little logical sense? Why would a country support a leader who, if followed, would obviously destroy a nation? One of the better essays I have read described it in a very convincing fashion. He describe the obvious stupidity and irrationality of the leader being a mechanism of belief. People were more comfortable voting for a bad idea from which they felt distance, than a good idea that changed society. By feeling a part of a group, it was easier to make a bad decision that only hurt others. The reasoning goes, capitalism leads to fascism, and frankly I agree.

Fascism manifests itself in different ways each time it happens, but Donald Trump is a terrifying fascist. His claims are as scary as they they are laughable. His views are obviously damaging to America if they were seen through, but they would never be seen through. That's the whole point of being a conservative. You represent the elite. You don't have to fix America, you just have to talk shit, win elections, and keep the same people in power. Nothing they say ever happens, from balancing the check book to creating a jobs. All they do is maintain power. What's scary about Trump is the same thing that's scary about aligning oneself with tea party. When you rile up certain groups of people, sometimes you lose control of the boat you think you're steering. If Trump actually kicked out all the illegal immigrants in this country, our economy would collapse. It's a stupid premise, but one with real consequence. Many countries have gone through these stupid endeavors, but America seems dead set on reliving them. It's a shame.Im always baffled by "economy collapses without illegal immigrats" argument.  It the loliest shit ever.You must not have an experience agri businessYour mistake was thinking that Trump will be reasonable. He's  a kooky narcissist without political experience or any ideas.I think you made some typos.  Presumably this is what you meant to type:  
 
> Donald trump is fucking awesome. 
 
Edit:  Also... this is suppose to be a circle jerk subreddit.  Your comment was mostly baseless, but even if it wasn't this isn't the correct forum to say negative stuff about trump.  There are about 100 other places to do that, and this isn't one of them.  It says right on the side that "anti-trump sentiment" is against the rules.She's too hot to go down tbh If you ignore all the attacks on Trump, which in my opinion are all incorrect, it is an interesting article.

Of course Trump cares about the facts, about his reputation, about winning. Trump isn't a bully, he responds when attacked. Why doesn't Rich point out that a lot of Jeb's attacks are incorrect, while Trump's attacks are?

Trump has lots of plans, he wrote a book in 2011 full of ideas. Rich Lowry is missing a lot about Trump, but the good stuff is true, and the stuff about the other candidates is mostly all true.Every time I start to doubt him they come out with stuff like this, unbelievableAnd he's still climbing. Rip their fucking heads off!This guy is sooo going to get assassinated by the puppet masterCan't Trump the Trump>Remember we are not talking about anyone’s rational thinking. These sorts of images sneak through your rational defenses.

Yesss. I'm 100%-like this guy who wrote the article. Trump is so media savvy and his character (let's pretend it's like wrestling again), is that of a candidate who wants to appeal to people would react positively to this kind of thing. 

Imagine if the other Bush tried to do something like this? It would be too incongruent with his image. For Trump, it works perfectly and like the guy said, it manages to have all these other benefits on top of the media spectacle it causes. 

I just love how methodical and underhanded political planning is.Interesting comment: 

>Not only did Trump deport him when he was breaking the rules (talking when he wasn't called on), he allowed him to re-enter legally one he agreed to follow the rules. Trump then gave him the opportunity to ask a bunch of questions and was very pleasant toward him. The message was if you follow the rules you are welcome.

I simply looked at it as Trump not letting that asshole Ramos be able to go back and say Trump was afraid to talk to him. But that's a good metaphor.No reason it can't be all of the above.The focus group this guy put together on debate night was disgraceful.  Even these comments are backhanded.

Oh yeah, veterans are concerned about Trump because you say so, Luntz.  I know it's not the other way around because you're not an actual journalist.  I know it's not the way you stated, either, because you have no relevancy.Mr Ramos, what *right* do you have to be asking questions there at all? First of all, you were *invited* as a reporter for Univision to be at that press conference, not brought in to ask pandering questions. You keep your trap shut until the speaker acknowledges you and allows you to ask your question. You allow other reporters their turn to ask the speaker a question. You do not talk over others and be obnoxious just to try and trap the speaker into a "soundbyte" you can twist and spin for your report later. Mr Ramos, you are a piss poor journalist and a complete shill for the illegal immigration crowd. Couldn't have said it better myself.Perfectly handled by the Don.Sanders could learn from this. That loser can't even stand up to some unknown "Black Lives Matter" protesters. Trump here just embarrassed the most well-known figure in hispanic-American news! Good for him![deleted]> fascist

[MFW](http://i.imgur.com/sRVYXPw.gif)He actually snuck back into the press conference and asked Trump a few more questions (and Trump did try to answer them). And by "ask questions," I mean belligerently attack Trump and refuse to let him get a word in edgewise.

Regardless, take notes, Bernie.That guy obviously is more of an activist than a journalist.He makes Bill O'Reilly look like a great listener.While I believe this wasn't the best move for Trump, It has charged the base with an 'it's about time' attitude. We need someone who will put the disgusting media in their place. We sure didn't hear any Latino media persons complaining when obama was dogging Fox news or any other conservative news agency. This will be just a bump because the 40 million plus conservatives who didn't vote last couple elections along with the backlash from the progressive anti-freedom movement with put Trump miles ahead of any other candidate. He is busting records everywhere in the polls. Trump unites the hardline conservatives like Coulter with moderates, low-info voters, and even minorities. Could it be that a Trump landslide is in this country's future? Perhaps! I sure the hell hope so.If it's sanders vs trump, the repubs will get the highest minority vote they have in 50 years or moreAnn is all sorts of crazy but I would smash so hard if given the chance. Trump is a pro black knightGrade A Post. I love the two normlords on the right who are obviously lost. lol'edIt really makes Sanders look bad since blacks traditionally vote 95% for the Democrats and he *still* doesn't get any out for his rallies! A fantastic analysis by Scott Adams (Dilbert cartoonist).


More here: http://blog.dilbert.com/post/127079241801/political-reporters-cover-a-business-candidateI agree with a lot of the analysis, but there are two mistakes:

1. We don't need a Constitutional Amendment. There are many links I could point you to, but this one is the funniest: http://humanevents.com/2015/08/19/fox-news-anchored-in-stupidity-on-14th-amendment/

2. We can deport many of the illegals by slowly rolling out an e-verify system.
Donny T is just a bad motherfucker all the way around.  I hope he shoves "the system" up every other candidates' ass.> The proper course for the right-wing opposition must necessarily be a strategy of boldness and confrontation, of dynamism and excitement, a strategy, in short, of rousing the masses from their slumber and exposing the arrogant elites that are ruling them, controlling them, taxing them, and ripping them off.

> And so the proper strategy for the right wing must be what we can call "right-wing populism": exciting, dynamic, tough, and confrontational, rousing and inspiring not only the exploited masses, but the often-shell-shocked right-wing intellectual cadre as well. And in this era where the intellectual and media elites are all establishment liberal-conservatives, all in a deep sense one variety or another of social democrat, all bitterly hostile to a genuine Right, we need a dynamic, charismatic leader who has the ability to short-circuit the media elites, and to reach and rouse the masses directly. We need a leadership that can reach the masses and cut through the crippling and distorting hermeneutical fog spread by the media elites.Could probably put together a list.  I've watched all of his major speeches and interviews.  He's given way too many news appearances I think to list them all.  He calls into shows and talks for three minutes sometimes, so it would be impossible to get them all.

Is there any specific facts you are trying to check?  I may be able to help you with that directly as well.There has to be a public record of it somewhere. News sites always read the transcripts. I am not sure if there is a service that does that or if it's public. I know his candidacy speech is available. ¡Jeb! is tied for 4th place. Ouch! There are 4 dems and 50 Republicans running, only one has a different stance on immigration and free teade/r/DonaldTrump is for losers, This sub is for winnersLol, new update:  
https://np.reddit.com/r/donaldtrump/comments/3iae41/mod_post_new_management_new_subscribers_and_lies/  

That clown is now admitting to being fully vetted and approved by /r/sandersforpresident.  I banned that loser /u/Cant-Stump-The-Trump for trolling here. It's a sockpuppet of /u/availableoregon (or a friend of his) and the subreddit is for him and his little friends to pretend to be pro-Trump. If you look at the comments and submissions it's mostly people who are obviously participating in a thinly veiled troll subreddit that is controlled by pro-Sanders kids who presumably don't get out of their dorm rooms except to eat and go to class. 

LOL @ "solid growth". He added 10 subscribers in 3 days. We added that many in the past 3 hours. I think this should be stickied.I disagree.  We should let this post get buried.  If someone has been here before, they should be aware of this nonsense.  They obviously want to be here, so we don't need this post.  If someone has never been here before, it's better to give them good Trump content than this post.  If we do that, they'll stay and perhaps never even know the other sub exists, right?  Otherwise, we're basically advertising here, "oh, by the way, there is this other sub talking about Trump..."It's the people who haven't been here before that I'm thinking of. Trump has a lot more than 457 supporters. The other site looks legit at first glance, you should warn people. Actually, it looks like the pro-Sanders trolls have left...[deleted][deleted]Hi, I removed your comment. We appreciate supporters of our sub, but we would like to not encourage brigading or mass downvoting. It's best just to ultimately ignore them going forward.I'm just trying to find a comment that isn't considered anti-trump sentiment but still expresses how sub human inbred and backwards Mobile Alabama is. Oh there it is. What?  I'm not following what you're trying to say.Mobile is a good sign for him but does not represent the swing stats he'll need to succeed. and Alabama is dumb  wow, cruelty is strong with you.  but I agree with the idea Alabama is red and will always be red.  Don't forget though this year Bama votes earlier in the primaries, and a early win can do wonders for any candidates momentum.Hey being unpolitically correct is cool right now. Although i do  understand that in order to win primary's Trump has to go right i still wish he wouldn't pander so much to the part of the republican base that is racist stupid and white. I'm not calling for him to move center or concede just be smart and stop alienating the social-liberal  compassionate conservatives that were what separated him from the pack in my mind.I agree, but back off Bama, or we may have to throw down. lolYa i really should spend more time down there before i bash but y'all are portrayed as a bunch of dumb white racists who hate the educated and do what ever walmart, the koch brothers and fox news tell you too.  lol I can only speak for myself and my experiences.  there are white racist, there are black racist, probably no more than elsewhere.  We actually are not dumb, at least I don't think we are.  I myself loathe WalMart, and cant stand how the Koch brothers and Fox News actually think they can try to buy the presidency.You realize this is a leftist song right?  O'Malley is a pussy The Wire says "Hello"Wow, a hell of a speech!  You did an amazing job Trump!There are two other streaming options listed in [this article](http://www.al.com/news/mobile/index.ssf/2015/08/heres_where_to_live-stream_the.html):

http://www.fox10tv.com/category/291730/livestreaming-on-fox10

http://wkrg.com/watch-now/

Personally, I'm gonna go with the youtube stream. I also imagine C-Span will have it on their site, but I couldn't guarantee that.

Edit: 7:00 Eastern - watching the wkrg.com link and they are about to show Donald Trump getting off his plane and the row of SUVs pulling up to take the people to the rally. The mayor of Mobile is meeting the plane, going up the steps to meet Trump on the plane. 

The Youtube stream is showing a test pattern.

Edit 2: 8:05 Eastern - WKRG stream is much better quality, at least for me, but they have interviews mixed in, the Youtube stream is unedited. Some local politicians showing their faces, saying a few words, atm.

Drudge has linked to the Youtube and Fox streams. Youtube currently has 6019 watching, the WKRG stream has 4,844.

Edit 3: 8:07 - Playing Rolling Stones' 'You Can't Always Get What You Want' 

8:17 - Youtube stream has 8,522, WKRG has 5,200

8:21 - WKRG reporting the crowd is about 20,000 at the stadium out of 40,000 tickets. Newscasters suggesting the weather may have kept some people home.

8:23 - Playing 'Sweet Home Alabama' - the newscasters think this is a sign Trump will be coming out soon... he comes out to that song playing.
Great! Only worry was when he said he might rethink taking lobbyist money. don't worry he said he'd send it to charityI watched this live. It was another excellent speech by Trump. Jeb! tried to steal the show by having his PAC fly an airplane pulling a message that said "Trump for higher taxes, Jeb 4 Prez". 

What a waste of funds. They even forgot to include the exclamation point! 

https://twitter.com/fmtalk1065/status/634867055959908352/photo/1Don't you mean "¡Jeb!" ?LOL. Part 2: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eK-8q4U9gNgCan someone tl;drwatched the whole vodeo

tl;dr trump will make the country rich by being a business man instead of a politician; he supports health care for everyone but will work out a good business solution for it instead of the current system; he won't let Iran have a nuke no matter what; he will pull in negotiators from the business world in order to make deals instead of sending politicians who don't know how to negotiate.

Edit: all without ever reading from a teleprompter Damn dude. He's got my vote. I resonate with that. Honestly that video made me respect him a lot more. Trump uber Cuckservatives!!It's amazing what happens when a Republican actually fights for regular Americans and doesn't just bow down to the Chamber of Commerce and their demand for "free trade" and unlimited immigration.Every interview Trump says that he is not focused on being politically correct and this reporter says that. What did he expect the response to be? Personally, I find the reporter to be offensive. What kind of BS is this where we are told we have to call them "American-born children of undocumented immigrants"? Sadly much of the right wing establishment gives into the demands of these bullies by using their language! Exactly! Like, what is the question? Or did he really just raise his hand to lecture on being politically correct? He is part of the problem, and taking time away from the actual issues. We have somewhere between 10-30 illegals, almost 20 trillion in debt,  but lets worry about "offensive" terminology that isn't actually offensiveTrump - Told you so!I trumped too but before you!I want a shirt that says "Someone told me Im rich."[deleted]They are both pretty clear. If unsure, to understand the 14th amendment you need to look at what "subject to the jurisdiction thereof" means. The people who wrote the amendment were pretty clear about this.  People in the country illegally certainly wouldn't be covered. Why would they be? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tOAY8waCglg6:30 PM ET... but I don't know where you could watch it.  Maybe on the news?  Greta (On the Record) had a livestream of Trump recently when he was holding a press conference.  I don't know if she will do it for this one.  I hope to watch it too!Yeah, but the problem is that Jeb! is at the same time. Of course, 99.9 percent of people watching Fox would prefer to be watching Donald! Jeb Bush - Empty crowd.  Donald Trump - FULL crowd.Wow, I'm shocked that the Neocon Review wrote an article about Trump that isn't "TRUMP = EVUL DEMOCRAT PLANT!!!!111one"He's the only who has a position that isn't completely politically correct, he is actually willing to say stuff that could offend some people if he believes in it.wow so edge & presidentialI'm Canadian and I'm trying to help Americans by encouraging people to vote for Donald Trump when the election comes around.Why?Because it is likely that "The Donald" has already handed the Democrats the White House.He's the only candidate in the mainstream who isn't afraid to fight for the interests of Americas citizens instead of outsiders. He also doesn't get bullied into political correct positions by the media nor generally give a shit about their constant attacks on his character. Doesn't Bernie Sanders do the same thing...You also did not mention his position on any issues. You only brought up character traits.Bernie sanders is an accepted socialist with a ton of support and policies that do nothing but advance leftist agendas and would do nothing but continue to destroy this nation. I see no way he's relevant to my support of the Trump. Bernie's relevant because he's not dividing people apart, but discussing issues that matter to the people. And yes, he is a socialist, and when you realize what that word actually means it's really not that scary. Different from what we're used to in America, but not scary. >Bernie's relevant because he's not dividing people apart

Not relevant, nor a positive. 

> when you realize what that word actually means it's really not that scary.

That's cute, but when you realize I have all of modern history on my side proving it doesn't work and right wing truth,order and community is the answer it's pretty scary you'll choose government gimme dats and welfare states instead. 

>Different from what we're used to in America

Not a single bit. He's a bit more transparent but this country has been pushing communistic socialism for decades upon decades.
I think most of Western Europe would disagree with you.No, they wouldn't. What you think is success because of socialism is success because of white majority in spite of a bad goverment. Many of those countries are also in the process of destroying themselves by not being firmly right and thus allowing themselves to be dragged down into leftism from both within and without. A great example is the successful countries who happened to be socialist who are now declared "too white" because of their success and lacking a positive national identity to defend themselves with comply and throw away culture/heritage/productivity by accepting waves of mass immigration into their lands. Oh I see now. You are an ignorant racist with no education or actual knowledge on this subject, so you speak in generalities about the decline of white culture. I see you've ran out of ways to argue with me and are just resorting to marxist rhetoric instead :)

Have a nice day The data is readily available. Western Europe fills the high end of the list on any metric you want to look at. Human Development Index, Health Systems rankings, average wage, life expectancy, crime rate, it goes on and on. The other countries you are going to see on those lists are Canada, Australia, Japan, South Korea, none of which have anything near "right" policies or conservative systems. So that is "all of modern history" for you, as it pertains to the failure of nations. Those countries have plenty of Domestic issues, and many of their policies might not work here for various reasons, a big one being we have ten times the population that many of them do. But to reason that these very successful developed countries are failing due to (what I think your argument is) other ethnic groups, that is absurd.  So please enlighten me and provide some details about your statements, which nations are self destructing because of left leaning policies, and which ones are failing due to immigration, and  which nations are failing due a loss of white culture? In addition which nations are flourishing, as you say history is proving, due to holding on strongly to conservative values?Haha so I called you out for you screaming racist and now you try to look smart with a wall of uncited text babbling about economics while pretending that completely erases all the totalitarian social politics and erasal of white culture that is happening. What does making a few shekels means if you lose your entire culture to globalism,washing out of races with a flood of immigrants and loss of the ability to speak the basic truth in society ? Also no it's not fucking immigrants that are the main cause it's insane self-destructive leftist policies driving nations into the ground and turning them into welfare states with people who have no concept of family besides the goverment.I didn't bother to give you an honest response this morning because your statements did not make very much sense. I didn't scream racist, you are in fact very racist, your comment history makes that very clear. That's fine, we aren't friends so what do I care. What I do care about is your continued inability to address my points, while you continue to make baseless generalizations without being able to back them up with any specifics or facts. If you really want citations it's easy enough to do, the lists, as I said, take moments to find online.You're the one throwing baseless economic data at me which is equivalent to fiddling[ while Rome burns.](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-34008867) Factual economic and more importantly standard of living data that supports my statements. Immigration problems in an eastern European country have nothing to do with either of our statements.Standard of living is directly tied to white majority in those countries and is lowered whenever they're swamped third world criminals and terrorists. You're desperately trying to avoid engaging on the issue and just throw out one of the few rare positives while ignoring everything else that proves your sunblind utopian view of the world wrong. So are you going to tell me one Western European nation that is a failed state or what?France,England,Spain and Germany all seeing unprecedented rise in third world immigration. Also the "failed state" is moving the goalposts but don't worry I know how your type like to argue.

Anyways if you'd like to read about this issue this article sums it up well enough. Really there is only so much I can spell when dealing with something that's such a hard reality and crisis in our world.

http://www.vdare.com/articles/immigration-is-about-more-than-trump-its-about-the-survival-of-the-west
 If a country is "destroying themselves" are they not a failed state? If a country consistently ranks in the top ten by every possible metric is it not baseless information? How come plenty of other countries also have a majority of white citizens yet fall way behind in all areas? Why did you say that immigration is not the problem but that is the only thing you bring up every time you post? > every possible metric

Your metrics are made by the people invested in destruction and ones that do not know true values. 

>How come plenty of other countries also have a majority of white citizens yet fall way behind in all areas?

Which ones specifically ? Being white is not the only factor needed for a country to succeed and it'd be very foolish to say that. It's a damn good factor historically. 

>Why did you say that immigration is not the problem but that is the only thing you bring up every time you post?

Not the ONLY problem, but one of them. Also because it's what our conversation has drifted towards over the course of this month long fireside chat and I don't really care enough about the conversation to start branching it out into broader reactionary theory. We're also in the Trump subreddit and it's a major plank in his platform so naturally we're going to end up discussing it. 
It's fairly straightforward. I stated that many Western European nations were very successful despite your disagreement with their governments policies. You stated that these were false positives due to all the white people actually making the countries successful, not the governments polices. You continue to state that these places are in fact going to shit, and that any data that suggests otherwise is made up. I'm sorry that I keep asking you to talk in facts and data. I'm happy to provide those things for you. It's obviously not a two way street.Now you're trying to reframe the argument and completely ignore any and all context in this "information" you've yet to provide. You also lack basic understanding of nations,culture and government. You have done nothing to address the social,moral,religious and community decay that has been happening for over 100 years.  All you can do it point to some stupid numbers about a few rich people getting rich in a system that exists only for profit. I purposely included the metrics that I did because they show the health, growth, and standard of living of the entire population. Sadly you cannot quantify decay of social, moral, religious, etc.... and while I suspect our opinion on what qualifies as growth or decay on those areas will differ, I'm sure we could agree that a healthier and more wealthy population has more of an opportunity to excel in any of those given areas. I did not re-frame the argument, I actually went back through our posts and summed them up by picking the obvious statements. We can banter like this forever but it would be a lot more fun for me if you actually keep in mind what you said previously. Democratic socialism is not communistic or anything like communism. 

Your idea of socialism is skewed by what we've all been told over our lives. Right wing "truth" - now THAT is cute, my friend. What truth are they telling?lets first start off by what you think the right wing is. Let me guess, that scary boogey man called "fox news" is a right wing station to you, yes ?It's not scary, more silly. But yeah Fox is the most right of all major news outlets. Pretty sure everyone knows that.Yeah, but that's the thing. Fox is "right" in the frame of American politics but they're a completely controlled opposition. Very rarely does anything they say break the overton window and the few times they do it's followed by apologies. Before one can see to a proper restoration of a nation and promote law,order and truth based goverment they have to realize the fight cannot happen within the confines of the system. That's because the system was founded by leftists (puritan rebels) and has firmly been in their control every since the cathedrals of leftism (Harvard/Princeton/etc...) were established. The reason you see so much extreme pushback for trump is because even his very tame views on immigration and other things is outside of the controlled opinions the Colleges decided americans are allowed to have. selling socialist garbage in this reddits a waste of time.  Go vote for that weak ass Sanders , knock yourself out.  We don't care.Socialist garbage, huh...You don't like firemen, and policemen, or libraries or parks. Guess The Donal really has you sold on all those great "deals" he's going to make. Because FUCK China!lol thats hilarious.  you're undebatable "mintbacon"You realize this guy is a racist bigot with megalomania who can't keep his mouth shut. No political experience, and you think it's a good idea to make him the executive branch of our government. What is there to debateexplain the racism.  Real reasons.  Not cuz msnbc or reddit told you so.  are you in your teens per chance?Government is not a business, Donal has said he's going to accomplishing things by "getting it done" and does not explain a plan or strategy. That's not how the greatest government in the world operates. He's racist because he thinks the immigration problem is caused by a bunch of wild mexicans who aren't tamed and are criminals, but that cannot be backed up by any statistical fact. My age is irrelevant. teenager confirmed so you your naivety is forgiven.  Chew on this.  Why are we using funds on illegals who shit on our countries laws instead of providing for our veterans or homeless?  Unless you are a illegal yourself then you aren't naive.  Just a parasite.  You kids just think money is limitless cuz your parents by all your shit.It's irrelevant, but judge away at my words; panic and don't give any factual information. You're a good little Trumpian. The Donal would be so proud.

Our vets should be cared for with military budget.

Trump is a real estate billionaire!!! He would not lift a finger for a homeless man! I bet his hotels sit empty, while illegals clean the rooms, and homeless eat his trash.Ive given all the factual information I need to:

illegals break out laws
drain our resources
commit crimes

Saying "Hey we should probably make our borders real like every other single country out there.". Doesn't make him a racist it makes him smart and not owned by big business.  Who do you think is REALLY pushing for amnesty?  Its big business they want all that cheap labor.That wasn't even a well crafted sentence.

No one is pushing for amnesty. Who ever said that!? You've made it clear that you have no real evidence or support to put behind Donal J. 

Bernie Sanders is the ONLY candidate who is grounded in the issues, and informing the people who listen to him with REAL statistical facts on all of the problems with America.

Trump spits out his own silly ideas, with no real or factual information.You are young and hopeless.  Hopefully after you've got a few years under your belt you'll wise up that handouts isnt the path for our country to return to greatness.  When your parents still buy your school lunch its tough to have any real perspective on anything i guess.Who's asking for a handoutgoogle earned income tax credit and illegal immigrants.  Do you really not have any idea of what socialism is?  Its the philosophy of handouts.The article doesn't seem to maintain a clear separation between "Mexican" as a citizen of Mexico and "Mexican" as a racial term referring to people with Hispanic roots.I noted that too, but I think that's because it's written in "Mexico City" so I think that it probably means Mexican nationals whenever it says Mexicans. Agree? I am missing where it means it as racial-given that the Mexican that this article is talking about in the US are all illegals.I think its just convenient for the story that the person has set out to tell.

>The Mexican government issued a fact sheet noting that the more than 33 million people of Mexican origin in the United States account for 8 percent of the GDP, that there are more than 2 million Hispanic entrepreneurs in the United States, and that trade between the two countries has reached $530 billion per year. 

>33 million people of Mexican origin

I guess that includes both legal and illegal immigrants as well as their descendants. I assume this does not include anyone who immigrated directly from Spain.

>2 million Hispanic entrepreneurs

Should I assume that this means Americans? I will assume that it would include immigrants from Spain.







 

Good point. 

For what it's worth, doesn't that mean that those "33 million people of Mexican origin" are a bad investment on the part of the US. 318 Million americans total (assuming all legal) means that the 9.7% that are Mexican origin are not pulling their weight. They are underperforming by almost 2% of the NET... which means they are 20% less valuable to the GPD than the aggregate of the rest of the country. Not a good argument for encouraging a porous border.

If we turn it backwards; then it reads - 

>>We think he’s really a nightmare, because we do not want him to deporting millions of undocumented Mexicans, preventing their children born in America from automatically becoming U.S. citizens, blocking the billions of dollars that Mexicans illegally in the United States send home to their families and having Mexico pay to build a wall along its 2,000-mile border to keep itself out.

Either these things are real or not. Of course Mexico has no benefit from stopping; money **illegally** sent home, people **illegally** crossing the border, and people **illegally** staying in our country.

I left child-birth-citizenship off the list as it is not illegal, it's a discussion of consequences.)

One can argue if they think those are good or bad laws, but the status quo is that Mexico and the US make it easy to break the laws-that' not the way to run a society.>The Mexican government issued a fact sheet noting that the more than 33 million people of Mexican origin in the United States account for 8 percent of the gross domestic product, that there are more than 2 million Hispanic entrepreneurs in the United States and that trade between the two countries has reached $530 billion per year.

This is such bullshit.  8% of US GDP is about $1.3 trillion.  Mexico's GDP is about $1.3 trillion.  Mexico's GDP being half the size it would be without immigration is not something they can be happy about.  Tech industry loves that cheap labor to mow their lawnsFuck Zukerberg!!!   There are plenty of qualified and often better educated IT workers here in the U.S.!!!

There is no reason he needs to hire H1B's when he can get skilled US IT labor to work for his company.. 

These corporate dirt bags all just want cheap labor that they can discard without any consequences and they all know that they can easily move jobs to places like India and China where people are willing to work like slaves for unlimited hours so they are taking advantage of this.

This shit needs to end :(X-Post referenced from /r/American_Politics by /u/Grace_Wincer  
[Donald Trump calls out Mark Zuckerberg on immigration](https://www.reddit.com/r/American_Politics/comments/3hdbol/donald_trump_calls_out_mark_zuckerberg_on/)
*****  
  
^^I ^^am ^^a ^^bot ^^made ^^for ^^your ^^convenience ^^\(Especially ^^for ^^mobile ^^users).  
^^[Contact](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=OriginalPostSearcher) ^^| ^^[Code](https://github.com/papernotes/Reddit-OriginalPostSearcher)It's not, everyone wants the laws enforced which isn't happening.Yes, they are out of the mainstream. I'm sick of the mainstream. The mainstream is what got us here. Keep your foot on the gas pedal!Did you read the article? It shows that Trump's views are outside of the mainstream inside the beltway, but that they are mainstream views with regular Americans. Yes I read it. My point is on a personal level. The people I speak with, friends, family,co workers seem to think his views on immigration are  too harsh. If you want to make it personal, put together a collection of stories about people killed by illegal immigrants. There was one in my area who was released from prison after serving almost 20 years for attempted murder. He was handed over to ICE and Haiti refused to take him, and ICE decided that he posed no imminent threat. SO THEY RELEASED HIM! It didn't take him very long to commit a murder. Now we'll be paying to keep him in jail for life, I bet. This stuff happens all the time. The media tries to avoid pointing out that they are illegal immigrants in a lot of cases, so you sometimes have to read between the lines. We are the dumping ground for the world and it has to stop. Why pay to incarcerate someone for 30-40 years when you just drop them off at the border. I'm glad there's a candidate with a plan and the balls to make it happen.Ms Guano Psychosis.I take it you don't like Coulter or Trump? I have zero appreciation for Coulter, she seems to say whatever will draw the most attention to her. 

Coulter is an underrated commodity. Are you voting for Trump? I'm a Canadian, so I'm just in the audience.


While she has a few screws loose, she is smoking hot.  Two-part Trump-centric podcasts:

http://www.buzzsprout.com/24811

Spoiler:  we actually knew Trump's now-campaign-managerhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jsaTElBljOEOk that is kind of scary and kind of awesome!!What a nut!Unofficial reports are saying Rosie O'Doughnuts was caught trying to carry out her plot at the Iowa State Fair today, but she was apprehended before she could harm anybody besides herself. A [photo](http://i.imgur.com/P7Po8y1.jpg) of the suspect believed to be Rosie O'Doughnuts was released by the Iowa State Patrol. Being in Iowa she probably thought she could hide among the other cows.To aid mobile-users, I'll link small subreddits, which are named in the title, yet are not linked.

/r/SandersForPresident: | 

---
^I ^am ^a ^bot ^| [^Mail ^BotOwner](http://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=DarkMio&subject=SmallSubBot%20Report) ^| ^v0.6 ^| ^[Changelog](https://github.com/DarkMio/Massdrop-Reddit-Bot) ^| [^Ban](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=SmallSubBot&subject=MassdropBot%20Report&message=ban%20/r/Subreddit) ^- [^Help](https://www.reddit.com/r/MassdropBot/wiki/index#wiki_banning_a_bot)/r/BernieSandersSucks, if you haven't been there yet  omg i think this is my new favorite subLet's do it!Are* there directions>_> I'm from ar y'all https://www.donaldjtrump.comTy!Np :)[deleted]I don't see why it has to be one or the other. I like them both. They need to just kiss (giggity) and make up.FTA:

>Backers of former congressman Ron Paul’s presidential campaigns, which were well organized in Iowa, see Trump appealing to Paul’s base here despite the competing candidacy of Paul’s son Rand, Kentucky’s junior U.S. senator.

I noticed this on /r/the_donald. A lot of the Paul people support Trump, who isn't in any way Libertarian. I guess they like him for being an outsider who isn't beholden to special interests. 

Anecdotally I see a lot of comments from Hispanics and blacks on his facebook page and in comments sections under articles, relative to what other GOP candidates get of course. He's building a very non-traditional coalition as far as Republicans are concerned. Carter did legalize home brewing and began the deregulation of the airline industry...Reagan of course spent money like a Democrat. So he's not far off.I appreciate Carter with the homebrewing stuff, but he only did it to keep his drunk brother out of trouble! Reagan was actually pretty good. Reagan was not though. He governed and spent money like a Democrat. Not to mention he was terrible on gun rights.

edit: The Assault weapons ban...that alone is an indictment enough.I'm not a big Reagan fan either, far from it actually, but Carter was a one-term president for a reason.I'm not a Reagan worshipper, but he was fairly good. His tax cuts fueled the 80s boom. His idea was to "starve the beast" but he dealt with a Democratic House for 8 years. Also, many of the Republicans such as Lowell Weicker from my state of CT were flaming liberals. It was a different world! He's looked at most favorably for his dealings with the Soviet Union.  > His tax cuts fueled the 80s boom.

His "tax cuts" were more myth than reality.  His 1981 tax cuts did little for anybody, because Social Security tax hikes and bracket creep canceled out most of their effects.  He raised taxes on gasoline and the trucking industry.  He signed off on what was the largest peacetime tax hike in history (TEFRA), which raised taxes by almost 1% of the GDP.  A lot of his tax increases were hidden behind phrases like "increased fees," "IRS enforcement" and "revenue enhancements" because he knew that coming out and saying it would be unpopular among the base.  Reagan also tripled the state income tax during his time as governor of California.

> His idea was to "starve the beast" but he dealt with a Democratic House for 8 years.

Except he never wanted to "starve the beast" in practice.  [His proposed budgets never significantly differed from the ones that got passed.](http://zfacts.com/p/57.html)  Both of the budgets that got passed under the Democrat-controlled Congress in his final two years were actually slightly lower than his proposal, which is sad, because Democrats are the ones who are supposed to be the big spenders.

Reagan was undeniably a great speaker, and that's where most of his appeal came from.  But he was all talk and his actions rarely backed it up in office.  He was the GOP's version of Obama, and judging from his record, it's not a surprise that he was a liberal Democrat at one point in his life.Are you saying that taxes were higher on January 20 1989 than they were on the same day in 1981? That doesn't sound right. If you have anything to support that I'd be interested in seeing it. 

As a percent of GDP, [tax receipts were about the same as they were when he entered office.](http://www.taxpolicycenter.org/taxfacts/displayafact.cfm?Docid=205)  They were 18% of the GDP in Carter's last year and 17.8% in Reagan's last year.  To put things in perspective, taxes were only 17.5% of the GDP last year.  Additionally, the average tax revenue during his presidency was in line with [the 40-year average.](http://money.cnn.com/2010/09/08/news/economy/reagan_years_taxes/)Your source shows total receipts being 19.1 in 1981 and 17.8 in 1989. Income tax receipts dropped from 9.1 to 8.0, retirement tax receipts went from 5.8 to 6.5%, excise taxes down from 1.3 to .6 and "other" stayed flat during that time period. 

The "total" tax receipts dropped further during the Bush years to 17.0% of GDP and did not rise again til the Clinton years.
I really support Trump, but he has to work on his speeches. It felt like he had a hard time staying on track, and just kinda wings it. I don't think it's that bad. He goes without a teleprompter and does better than most.Yeah I don't think it's bad, and I enjoyed listening to him, but I think it will need to evolve into more as the campaign goes on. Wallace is one of the few guys who gets it. Everyone else gives Trump whatever he wants for the interview. Pro-Trump or anti-Trump, you have to admit Wallace is one of the few guys who really "gets it". Not just with this, most of the time... he's one of the best. 

FTA:

>In an interview with Fox News Radio on Thursday, Wallace gave the most compelling argument yet for that decision: “The idea you would do a phoner with a presidential candidate where they have all the control and you have none, where you can’t see them and they may have talking points in from of them... we are not a call in radio show, we are a Sunday talk show and he is a presidential candidate, you do an interview on camera," Wallace told Kilmeade & Friends.Rand can't win on the golf course - how can we expect him to win at the negotiation table against Putin?

I guess Rand didn't inherit [his father's athletic prowess.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L84N7sVvFXs)I liked this little part more than any other part of the article. Trump understood that he needed to teach his kids the value of work. I bet most of the losers at /r/lostgeneration weren't properly taught the value of money and of work.

FTA:
>Growing up, they did odd jobs for their father’s businesses—Don, for instance, as an attendant at the docks at the former Trump Marina in Atlantic City—to earn pocket money. “We were spoiled in many ways, but we were always taught to understand the value of the dollar,” Don Jr. once said.An*Oh, the irony.sorry I clicked random subreddit and assumed this sub was ironic, (not actually supporting donald trump lol)No you created a sockpuppet account to come and post here. Thanks but no thanks.I knew you'd figure it out eventually. Seriously though, why do you like Donald Trump?Ummm, You're fired.....................

Why? Because you have TWO grammar mistakes in a three word statement!!

Geez....................Sentences only require one period to mark the ending. Ellipses require three. "You're" should not be capitalized if it's not at the beginning of a sentence.Capitalize "Y" is for bolding statement. Multiple periods meaning thought continues.Yeah like I said, 3 periods are for ellipses.I'm tempted to upvote this solely for the spelling error.OP is a lightweight and a total loser! This post bombed miserably!Trump is right as usual.  [Does this guy look presidential to you?](http://static.seattletimes.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/e0fc6412-3e27-11e5-a580-5d86ec2e3b6f-780x465.jpg)  Pouting in the back with his head down while a couple extremists completely derail his event... he really is a pushover.  Imagine the number Putin would do on him at the negotiation table.He looks like a much older version of Gil from *The Simpsons*. What a wuss! [You're right!](http://images8.alphacoders.com/458/458339.jpg)

He's also a bit like [Cotton](http://1.media.collegehumor.cvcdn.com/32/42/collegehumor.e9c7ce55b11f90d4c9d9c54b92bec255.jpg) from King of the Hill.I think he is showing his respect during the moment of silence. Nothing wrong with deference. He's a problem for the establishment, one that they brought on themselves. WTF were they thinking trying to ram Jeb Bush down our throats? Some people are just turned off by the last name for one reason or another, some don't like his stance on illegal immigration, other people (like me) see Jeb in action on the campaign trail and find him to be too much of a pussy for the job. So refreshing.If Donald Trump liquidated everything, and then donated equal parts to each citizen of the US, we'd all get $12.29.This is what happens when people with 90 IQs are on Twitter trying to troll The Donald* Trump gives through his son's philanthropy the Eric Trump Foundation. It has given $30 million to St. Jude children's hospital

* All profits from Donald Trump's book went to charity

* Trump is a (small) supporter of 23 other charities and causes

* 95-99% of his Net Worth is in fixed assets such as buildings and land that would take several years to liquidate 

* If they did liquidate it would be at an extreme discount to intrinsic value

* Even if his net worth was in cash, giving people free money is not a viable solution to poverty

* Even if he could give his money away, why would Trump give the money and value he created himself away to people for free who are going to blow it on cigarettes and liquor

* Job creation and development of businesses is the way to help poor people

* Trump's slogan "Make America Great Again" is not explicitly referring to giving unearned money to poor people. He is talking about making America a world superpower again compared to other countries

* To "Make America Great Again" is more than to give free money to those who do not work for it

* The amount of money Trump could donate is nominal to the amount of money required to make a lasting difference on poverty

* Much of the cash he has he is using for business operations and liquidity requirements and running his campaign.

* Trump can do as he pleases with his money because it is HIS 
muh poor, muh single moms. These people don't deserve money.Total loserI just banned another loser from /r/WhiteRights. They must be coordinating against us now. **WHITE SUPREMACISTS ARE NOT WELCOME HERE! YOU WILL BE BANNED!!!!** LOL. That pussy Jeb Bush created this problem by apologizing. Bush told the world that he was wrong with what he said, even though it wasn't. Trump is now piling on in retaliation for what Bush said about him and there is nothing that Bush can do. Trump completely killed it here.  The girl was drowning.  Is she still employed?  She shouldn't be.I love it when he stares at her and she can't get get thoughts together.  Classic.[deleted]This is a man who gets it!So Erickson called a SC Justice a "goat fucking child molester" but Trump gets disinvited from the Red State gathering for using the word "whereever". 

It's clear that Erickson was just waiting for a good excuse to dump Trump. We all know Trump isn't a "true conservative" and he isn't going to take orders from any big donors or anyone in the establishment. These guys are afraid of Trump! Erickson is a toolIt's shit like this that is causing people to be attracted to The Donald.

We continue to go off the deep end every day in this country when it comes to being offended. It's a race to the bottom on who can cry oppression the most or act the most offended on behalf of someone.

People are fed up and are latching onto a candidate who doesn't play that game. Whining is for losers.Erickson shot himself in the foot because Trump would have made him so much money with the viewers. How can they disagree? It was the truth!Yeah why the heck not. try this dude brian@mixedmg.comDuring the entire 2 hours, when they were asking questions to irrelevant candidates like Rand Paul, I kept sitting there interested in what Trump had to say, but he got little time to talk.http://www.ontheissues.org/Donald_Trump.htmAh, I actually found that one via Google, but it looks like a bunch of single sentence quotes, many of which are greater than 10 years old! I was hoping for something written by him or his team or even something by a supporter summarizing the main things he believes policy-wise going into the primaries.I'd recommend watching some of his speeches or interviews.

I really like [this one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m91vEm9kAsY), which is sort of a conversation between Donald Trump and the editorial board of the Chicago Tribune. This is really interesting because he's not 'putting on a show' at all, like he sometimes does, but it's really more like you can imagine him actually talking in private. It's not like he's a totally different person, but just more 'normal'.

I think one of the biggest flaws of his campaign so far is not more clearly defining his positions and letting people frame them a certain way, including letting people assume they are extreme.

edit: accidentally posted the wrong link
We get the politicians we deserve.

If he is elected for president, then God bless America. :-)zOMFGROFLMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1The name is the best part. 

;)


Bojangles\>.<Hue hue hue hue hue hueThis is beautiful. your question is based on the assumption that people believe everything they read and do no further research. google "cross-referencing", "research", "scientific method" to find out how people can get passed the maze of bullshit surrounding you. then start proving some shit wrong - like common conspiracy theories that are plausible. youll learn some interesting stuff and end up hating most people. 

nothing is very simple. heres an example. 
obamas birth certificate. simple right? you know there was a bunch of articles claiming the certificate was fake, a bunch claiming it was real, and then a shitload of retarded people arguing over the topic. both sides - completely retarded. even the "experts" were talking out their asses.

side 1: "the certificate is fake, its got layers, copy+pasted check boxes, drawn over lettering"
side 2: "its real - because its the president" 

dumbasses. ive made a few birth certificates, licenses, various other things 10 years ago. it took over a year for me to find out with 100% certainty that the birth certificate was legitimate because i require proof. i ran down this rabbit hole because the proof was in the file and i knew it.

because nobody showed any legitimate way to reproduce the anomalies in the birth certificate. a bunch of people on youtube, tv, articles claimed to have ways, but i checked them all and they were all inadequate to consider proof - to actually reproduce the results found in the "fake obama birth certificate". the administration said it was OCR - that was clearly wrong, i had to find out what OCR was in order to find that. people claimed it was a sophisticated printer - i never found proof of that, people found ways to produce layers  - but not layers like the ones found in the certificate. etc etc etc - millions of dumbasses and sheep all claiming to know something while KNOWING absolutely nothing.

i like to KNOW shit and really know it. so i do this thing nobody else does, its called research and it requires proof.

the solution was a tick box nestled deep in the optimization preferences of adobe acrobat. based on all evidence, and being able to finally reproduce a certificate and get it to come out exactly the same way obamas was - i found out the certificate was legitimate.

anyways - its like this.
nothing is that simple, most people are dumb enough they should be sterilized, both sides are nuts and talking out their ass, the news doesnt care about facts, the experts are full of shit, you're on your own. you can only rely on your own research, and thats only if you're smart enough to identify facts vs bullshit. 

why did i give a shit in the first place. the claims that the certificate was doctored were easily plausible, just by looking at it - zoomed in. nobody presented an actual way to reproduce the anomolies. the administration gave an inaccurate explanation. the experts were all wrong - and if it was actually fake, the implications are enormous. think about it, if he could get away with a fraud that big in front of the entire world - it mattered.

fortunately i proved the conspiracy theorists wrong, and i still have disdain for all parties that claimed or parrotted conclusions though they had none and still dont.


tldr
research, motherfucker. do you do itInteresting thanks.

> Arnold Schwarzenegger 150/1

Arnie actually just got confirmed as the next host for The Apprentice. I don't think he is illegible You are correct. Also I dont mean to be a grammar nazi but I think you mean "eligible". But i totally agree that his name is so complex its nearly illegible!right right good callIn july, it was around 18 to 1To be fair neither did Donald Trump's son. Or he's a judo master dressed as the "perfect victim" on the bus just waiting to pounceHe wont exit the subway alive.Or just somebody who's finally sick of shitty handouts and empty promises of a safety net increase and is sick of living off $140 a month in EBT and would rather support business and enterprise instead of union bosses and gov't bureaucrats.  Maybe the guy genuinely wants to see this country actually get better at something rather than get shittier at everything seemingly everyday


Hey guys you hear about how Iran magically found a giant stockpile of Uranium yesterday?  Right after they signed our pretend nuke deal.  Google....

http://www.breitbart.com/big-hollywood/2015/09/12/trump-gives-jimmy-fallon-best-friday-ratings-in-18-months/funny
If the trailer to Jonathan Butler's greatest film taught me anything, it's that "real recognizes real". Good on you Señor Trump.Stupidity is taking control of this countryConsidering our similar post histories, are you not in favor of Trump? Do you rather have Bernie cuckold? I am in favour of trump.

The comment means that:

* 33% of women is high. I thought mostly men would vote trump.

* The 31% of guys voting trump are probably disproportionately alpha. And the 69% who arent are betas who will change their opinion to get the attention of women as they are beta

Its mostly a joke but there may be some truth to itah. this makes much more sense. http://www.slate.com/content/dam/slate/blogs/the_slatest/2015/08/22/video_trump_supporter_yells_out_white_power_during_alabama_rally/484797712-republican-presidential-candidate-donald-trump-greets.jpg.CROP.promovar-mediumlarge.jpgPerfect! Thanks mate.Don't do it about Donald Trump, do it about something like Putin. Is the school forcing you to do this?No I just really want to it is gonna be greatWhat do you have against Donakd Trump?its trendy to not like donald trump. i think the kiddies all think he was just a reality tv star.These kids and adults are so fucking dumb. Imagine when the older gen dies.Here: http://s30.postimg.org/7124ixom9/trump_hair.jpghttps://watchingthewheelsdad.wordpress.com/2015/09/14/trump-part-2-this-is-what-fascism-looks-like/Where are the laser beams for the sharks?
Glad to see Trump still running strong.Smh. people actually support Trump -_-I love how you came to /r/trump to say this>Moderator of /r/trump.

>posts to /r/whitekighnting.

>posts to /r/4chan.

>posts to trp with the name "Chad Thundercock"

I am combo triggered by your presence. At this point, I cant even.U mad m8he's the first independent republican.And they better be PDF's with small margins too or he's lost my vote as well...  /sHe hasn't really revealed much else about his policies in his campaign. 

Best bet is to read one of his books, I'm planning on getting *Time to get tough* from my library soon because it supposedly outlines the rest of his policies. I was thinking Trump is viable until he didn't know who Soleimani is and lied about it. He couldn't be bothered to learn a little bit about major players in world events? He didn't anticipate ever getting a question like that? I think he's right about the big picture, and maybe he doesn't need to know details until he's faced with them, but trying to bluff is a weakness. Maybe that's all he is, just hot air and entertainment. I still don't see anyone else on the horizon though. What does a president need to be? Maybe he's worth taking a chance on. > Soleimani

He is not really that major of a player that everyone must know about him though. If and when Trump becomes president, he can learn the specific names.
His web effort is a joke, I wrote to him about it but he hasn't responded. If you're going to make banter don't do it to Donald trump. He's the fucking king of itNo clue why this is being downvoted.  It's perfect.  It's literally the logic behind _almost_ every Trump supporter that I've met.  They're "tired of dishonest politicians" and want to "send a message/giant fuck you to capitol hill" etc.  It's not about whether he would actually make a good president.  Just some level of angst against our current administration.  This is downvoted because this sub is kind of Pro-Trump apparently.I feel like a good portion of reddit is kind of pro-trump, actually.  While some posts bashing him are well received (IF they're funny), the top response is usually berating them for making fun of people for being pro-trump, or explaining why they think he's a good candidate.  

There seems like there's paid shills for trump around as well.  People who can't/wont explain why they support him, only that they do.  And say shit like "Even though I'm extremely liberal, I think Trump is our best chance" etc.  Shit no one in their right mind would say.  He's no Mother Theresa, but I don't really get the hate, compared to, say, Dick Cheney, who is a mass murderer.you are a joke.existence of you being is thanks to those mass murderess. Ha haI'm willing to bet that a well placed #picstitch meme can do more to hurt Donald Trump's chances of winning the presidency than any coverage from a major 24 hour news network. 
Just out of curiosity, let's see if my theory holds. 
Share this photo with the hashtag #DonaldTrumpDarkSide and let the good times role. 
#donaldtrump #trump #thedonald #trump2016 #emperor #palpentine #starwars #darkside #politicsMaymays are our last hope!>*Trump declined the reporters’ request to share a favorite line of scripture from the Bible — which he has repeatedly referred to as his favorite book.*

“I wouldn’t want to get into it, because to me that’s very personal,” Trump said at the time. When asked whether he preferred the Old Testament or New Testament, Trump replied, “Uh, probably … equal. I think it’s just an incredible, the whole Bible is incredible.”

-- Pretty rich stuff. No desert for daddy tonight.Enforcing the laws of the country - total litigation nightmare! Noticing a lot of hate for Trump on Reddit, but this comment is great!More people need to see this. Politics is a dirty business. Your activists are bought and paid to disrupt the opposition. Couldn't said it better myself.If I didn't know better, it almost sounded like the Trump supporter thought Univision was a country.  

Can someone please tell this guy to go back to TV Land?Well, the 'hedge fund guys', yes they do need to be paying a bit more. He's not saying *all* rich guys, but these people who are exploiting IRS loopholes to avoid paying the tax they should be paying on their earnings. He has no problem paying more himself he saidhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RDrfE9I8_hsTrump was not offensive at all. If you want smear material, this is desperate. LolRespect decorum or get kicked out; it's that simple. I can't wait until those sjw's from blm try to pull their crap with Trump. It will be glorious!He was right to do it! After he did it, he said that he would welcome Ramos back if he behaved in a civil manner. An excellent analogy to what our nation should do with Mexicans and the southern border!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mrdjM6qtkrs

Trump's first deportation.That was tight. I hate watching news, talk shows, interviews, press releases and its just people trying to yell over each other. That guy didn't shut the fuck up. Ah, yes. The pussy who gave into the BLM protesters even though he was a huge civil rights activist. AND has no grasp on how the economy works.Indeed. The way he bent over to some random SJW woman is just embarrassing.

I can imagine how he would bend over in international conferences to avoid being labeled "insensitive" or god forbid it "racist".not sure if you actually looked at the twitter account but it's not a fan page lolOh lolhttps://youtu.be/zrWoG8IckyEWhat a cuck.Holy shit that's a lot of white people. Hello friend, it was in fact quite a lot of white people, but there were also plenty of other ethnicities represented as well.  I'm actually Mexican and fully support Trump.I myself am waiting to see more of the candidates plans before making any decisions on who to vote for, but I must say I like the way Trump speaks his mind.Well, it's easy to find "Where's Waldo" with that crowd - just point to anyone. "oh that was Photoshopped" - any liberal shillI actually thought this was a real article up until 'imposing physique' lmaoHe is pretty tall and large. And he once got involved in a WWE fight!A very American picture.  
Things to love:

&nbsp;

-feels like a Norman Rockwell painting  
-all those women who want to touch the Donald  
-the honesty in that sign  

&nbsp;

Also, is Don-Don wearing body armor here? Based ZB GarrisonGLORY TO HOUSE TRUMPFucking hell this got me hardBen Garrison lolWhat a pile of fetid shit... Any motherfucker who buys this narrative shouldn't vote. Period. Please, tell us how you really feel.YES!Donald has always been my favorite politician for this very reason.If you're voting on a candidate based on their political-correctness, or lack thereof - perhaps I should run - I'd be ahead of Trump at this point. Because he hides his xenophobic, sexist horseshit behind "not being PC"? Fuuuuuuuck that noise. We're on r/trumpforpresident

Those guys have the same number of subscribers. We must push for this to reign supreme! I will advertise it a bit on other subreddits and try to boost our numbers.

Ill look into the best options for subreddit theme CSS too.Lol...it's got nothing to do with Sanders.  Trump is just a chump./r/the_donald is the premier Trump subreddit. Because he has no political background.This is the first actual reason someone like T. Thanks, bin.Just to elaborate a bit on the details...

His business background gives him negotiation experience.  He has negotiated with politicians before, but he is not a politician.  He is not taking money from anyone, and in fact turned down 5 million dollars from a friend because he knew there would be implied favors attached.  He didn't want to insult the guy by taking his money and then doing him no favors.and don't forget the bankruptcies, he has lots of experience on that subject Really? You truly think Trump is worried about insulting someone? Why is it that Trump supporters don't believe anything a 'politician' says, but somehow think Trump is being truthful?? People, they ALL say whatever they need to say to be elected. WAKE UP!! He's a fabulous negotiator - for himself. Nothing he says can be trusted. Does he really care about any of us, rich or poor? He believes anyone who is not him is an idiot. He probably thinks you are great. Stop supporting him and you're an idiot. You want that mentality in the White House?  He doesn't need the corporate billionaires, because he IS ONE of them. A leader that doesn't rely on anyone else and does whatever he wants could also be called a dictator. He'll do what is best for him and his business buddies. I really don't mean to sound condescending because I understand the appeal to want a fresh approach. Trump is just not that. He's playing you all.It's like watching Jersey Shore.  Something even more outrageous every day.  And utterly without shame.The amount of smug in this post is astounding.  It's pretty telling that you latched onto the first anti-trump comment and make the assumption that all trump supporters are racist.  It's exactly this sort of rhetoric that is pushing sensible people away from race-baiting imbeciles and towards straight talking candidates like Trump.  

People are sick of this PC bullshit where you either toe the party line or get called a racist or a bigot.   It's all so one sided.  You don't like Obama?  You're a racist!  You don't support the tactics of the thugs in "Black Lives Matter?" Racist!  You don't like Hilary?  Sexist!  

The hypocrisy is mind-numbing.  Where are black lives matter and Al Sharpton when blacks are killing each other in record numbers in Chicago?  Where were they when a 9 year old girl was shot and killed in her bed in a drive-by a block away from the Ferguson protests?  The only time these charlatans give a shit is when they can get people pissed off and advance their own agenda.  

I like Trump because he's the only one willing to call these crooks on their bullshit.  He gives it to everyone, no matter if there's an R or a D in front of their name.  He calls out bullshit and injustice where he sees it.  You can say you don't like his tone or his rhetoric, but you can't argue against the substance of his argument.  

Go over to /r/politics or /r/liberal if you want to bask in an echo chamber.  Plenty of Ad hominem and smug satisfaction there to go around, I'm sure you can find someone to revel in your hatred.While I absolutely agree with you on his "idgaf I call it like I see it" attitude, and I admire it, I still don't think he has any ability to actually be the President. To answer the questions in your third paragraph -- there actually are black activist movements addressing violence within the black community all the time. The news tends to focus more on inter-racial violence than intra-racial violence (violence between members of the same race).

>Where are black lives matter and Al Sharpton when blacks are killing each other in record numbers in Chicago?

The Black Lives Matter movement is specifically about violence against black americans by law enforcement (a separate issue), so black-on-black violence isn't the focus of that particular organization.

As for Al Sharpton, he and other civil rights leaders are very involved in counteracting black-on-black violence. [Here is an example](http://nationalactionnetwork.net/featured/rev-sharpton-leaders-at-gun-violence-summit-at-chicago-state-university-2/) of one of the ways Al Sharpton and other leaders took action to counteract gun violence in Chicago.

You won't normally find these types of things on the national news, but if you look it up you'll find that the black community is taking action on black-on-black violence on local, state and national levels all the time. [Here's an example](http://www.lcsun-news.com/las_cruces-entertainment/ci_28628749/airwaves-moms-crack-down-chicago-gun-violence) of action at a local level by a group of moms (MASK: Moms Against Senseless Killings) in one of Chicago's most violent neighborhoods.> "The only time these charlatans give a shit is when they can get people pissed off and advance their own agenda."

Yep, sounds very familiar.

>"You can say you don't like his tone or his rhetoric, but you can't argue against the substance of his argument."

Really listen to his next speech for real substance. 90% of what he says is about how great he is, or what a fool everyone else is. Count the number of times he says I. Yet his supporters seem to think he will work for their agenda. Unreal.  everytime you disagree with a liberal, you are racist, sexist or a homophobe (though they always mis-use that term because **nobody is afraid of gays**)So, your thought process is - because you don't like being labeled as a racist or sexist because of your views - you're going to label every liberal as crooks and full of bullshit?  Makes sense I guess.  You don't like labeling, so you go the emo route and label everyone else.  I'll quote yourself "The hypocrisy is mind-numbing".

Also, freely saying anything without a filter != having substance of argument.  Any idiot could get up on a podium and spout nonsense.  I didn't label the crooks as liberals, in fact I intentionally left it open ended saying he goads reps and dems alike. I cited examples of specific liberals I think are crooks or thugs because op is clearly a liberal and arbitrarily made this about race.

You read what you wanted to in my post so it's hard to respond to this kind of petulance, you'll twist my words just like you twist Trump's. It's easy to get taken hold of by propaganda when there's someone in a crowd screaming solutions left and right and being charismatic.  I believe we seen that during Obama's presidency, did we not?

The fact of the matter is, these type of loose cannons never actually really sit down and think about a problem.  There's no logical process that they adhere to.  

Let's take Trump as an example.  He's wanting to build a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border.  What purpose would that serve?  To keep immigrants out?  No.  There's fences now and they don't keep immigrants out, wtf is a wall going to do other than spend tax payer money. 

Additionally, this is a proposed solution to the effect of a cause.  Logical individuals do not propose solutions for an effect, they propose solutions for the cause itself.  What causes immigrants to flee whatever country they come from? What solutions can we put into place to counter theses wants to flee from their country of origin?  Is the process for getting into the U.S. too complicated to begin with?  Is there room for process improvement in this area?

Looking to fix the cause of an issue will simultaneously fix the effects of the issue.  Trump has shown he can't reason, and shows a display of tunnel vision - while simply spouting off uneducated nonsense that in the grand scheme of things will just either be a waste of time, money, or resources.

We need someone leading this country who can be as charismatic and forceful as Trump - but have the intellectual know-how to fix issues at their source, not fix the aftereffects of such issues.Where are black lives matter and Al Sharpton when blacks are killing each other in record numbers in Chicago?

Go fuck yourself asshole. Why don't you pull your fucking head out of your asshole and use google 

http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/opinion/chapman/ct-black-crime-ferguson-sharpton-jason-riley-steve-20140820-column.htmlThat article, despite being from the Chicago Tribune (a left leaning rag) actually kind of proves my point.  It took sharpton until november, after months and months of shootings and black on black crime, to finally make it out there.  This after getting poked and prodded by fox news & co for his pandering.  

If you've got any articles from politico or huffpo send them my way XD

>Go fuck yourself asshole

calm down buddy, or are you a navy seal who will track me down?I'm just tired of morons parroting the same old lazy bullshit. The black community has been dealing with this for decades and fuck faces like you who don't give a fuck like to spew your toxic bullshit  of "what about black on black violence". Your a LOSER in the words of Trump. 

You're a victim of a selective media. must sux to be youIt does suck having to deal with morons.I want to watch the world burn. 

Just kidding. I doubt I will actually vote for him. 

For now though, he's entertaining. He's anti establishment. Most of what he says is true. I don't care if it's impractical nonsense. There's no one else I like better right now. 

I honestly can't believe that no one has stepped up to challenge Hillary Clinton yet besides Bernie Sanders. She lost any chance at my trust with this email scandal. I think she's proven time and again that she cannot handle criticism or tough situations very well. 

Sanders is my second favorite candidate behind Trump. I haven't seen that much of him yet but I like his position on most issues. He's a little crotchety though. If you mute the TV it looks like he's yelling at people to get off his lawn. I'll consider him more thoroughly later if he's still around.

So, yeah, for now... Team Trump all the way! Or until anyone decent comes along. Whichever comes first. I'd be curious as to what your results would be for that isidewith.com political quiz.

Not many people who support Trump and for whom Bernie is a #2 choice.Took it last week. It was something like 93 for Bernie and 89 for Hillary. OOOO!

Just took it. I'm Canadian, so it doesn't matter, but:

79% Bernie Sanders
73% Rand Paul
73% Joe Biden
73% Mike Huckabee
72% Hillary Clinton
70% Donald Trump
97% Bernie Sanders 89% Hillary Clinton 87% Joe Biden 83% Martin O'Malley

Not a single Republican candidate scored over 52% for me.> [I don't care if it's impractical nonsense](http://i.imgur.com/niKQs4E.jpg)

Fun fact: Everything related to photos of Trump on his website is titled "Hero" or some variation on it in the HTML source.

Edit: And positions literally has one link under it, to immigration reform.You know that a "hero" image is a common term in web design that signifies a main image, rotator, or prominently displayed image?  Has nothing to do with him being a hero.I've been designing web front ends for years and didn't know that.  Learn something new every day.I've only seen the term used in the last 2 years or so.That's no fun.

Edit: but thanks for pointing that out, since I didn't know that.Hahaha! That's so Trump. The crazier he gets the more I like him. 


Because leftist bullies are the #1 threat to the western world right now, followed by ensuring Artificial Intelligence is equitably impacting all people for the better and is friendly or at least benign by design, then bio terrorism through virus DNA manipulation, then nuclear proliferation. That's how serious the bullying by the left is right now - because it ensures we can't debate or get traction on life or death issues - which means solutions aren't proposed and enacted - it's just a slow slide to a banana republic after that. All the AI issues and nuclear proliferation issues won't get addressed because the left will be shouting down people calling them racist on loop on CNN. I'd count people like you with your smug attitude willing to throw under the bus the silent majority among those people. It's not too late to change.Artificial intelligence? Virus manipulation? What the fuck is wrong with you?Nobody is intelligent enough to have any idea what artificial intelligence is capable of. The greatest minds in science fiction and even scientists like Stephen Hawking warn that AI could be mankind's downfall. It could become ridiculously smart and no one would be the wiser as it makes its plays. Manipulate the stock market? Manipulate the presidency? Hacking? Make Drones misfire? Who fucking knows what it could do but don't act like you know it's not a threat just because you can't imagine iRobot happening.No no, that's not the issue. I'm pretty sure everyone agrees that artificial intelligence represents a very real threat, if not managed correctly. 

It has more to do with, what the flying fuck does that have to do with trump...or "lefties" or politics...or anything.Because there is no coherency of debate in America - these issues can't be addressed properly. If they can't be proactively addressed things will go wrong.

The US Government would be more AWOL under a Clinton or Bush administration - and with it the US military, DARPA and corporations (remember Google had surprisingly close connections to both the Obama white house and the CIA - and Google/Alphabet is THE Machine learning company, it has all the robotics companies of note under its wing). All those organizations are the biggest threat to a good outcome technologically for all of us if not audited and awareness of their activities increased because that is where it will take place first. 

The state has no power to defend you from a Bioterrorist tweaking viruses into a new destructive strain right in America when cheap desktop bio-labs hit in the 5~ year timeframe - people need to get that message - people need to stop thinking the Government is the solution, because then people will begin grassroots projects proactively to say 'if our state or city is hit, how can we counter it? why don't we solve this problem proactively instead of waiting for the federal government to deign giving an interest' - that goes against the left wing narrative of relinquishing responsibility to a (supposedly competent) federal government. Trump is the only person who may be able to get part of that message through to both Democrats and Republicans. There are small government Republican types but they will be dismissed before they even open their mouths. Despite what the left wing media tells you there are a lot of non Republicans that aren't anti-Trump.

The leftwing tactic of political control is to saturate people's senses with confusing and accusatory messages and narratives that make it hard to even get a word in about not being racist let alone proactively tackle problems BEFORE they arise. The problem is that all those problems, Bioterrorism, rogue AI - under the current model a crisis will happen first and then people will start talking about it. There needs to be a great unification of focus in America to recognize the divisive forces trying to stop the ability to debate coherently. Bush won't try to do that - Bush is the Status quo, special interest pretend conservative. Clinton and Sanders will further divide for another 8 years. The Small government republicans are better perhaps all things being equal than Trump - but they are a known enemy of the left - their character is already assassinated and they will not be listened to. Trump has ad hominem attacks thrown at him but he publicly brushes them off and shows how two can play that game - its the difference between being caught in a spiders web or tearing through it.You're making a lot of wild accusations here, and no offense but they sound a bit paranoid. Phrases like "the leftwing tactic of political control", you're painting broad strokes here with a very thick brush. Whatever you think of Obama, Sanders, Hillary, etc...I'd like to see some actual sources (credible ones...that excludes Fox News, for instance) and less conjecture, inference and innuendo.  
Existential risks are substantial and serious problem. I'm confused though at how you think the failure to pay attention has anything to do with the left, and moreover, how you think having Donald Trump in charge would do anything whatsoever to pay more attention to existential risk issues. I..wait what?Take off your foil hat freak I don't like Donald.  Not one bit.  I won't call him an idiot though.  I'm sure his intelligence is above average.

If I were going to like him, I would say that "a political background makes you part of the failed policies of the past and a non-political background would be a fresh start".  I mean, that's one reason to like him.

Another would be that he is rich.  Some people really like rich people.  Calvinists for instance.  Wealth is a sign of God's love, don't ya know?  He bears the fruit of success, which is a sign of his religious rightness.

Finally, he says whatever the heck he wants with no filter.  That suggests his opinions are honest.  He's not lying to people when he talks generally, he just says whatever comes to mind.

Those are all legit reasons to support Trump, beyond "I hate me sum messikans"
Because he isn't afraid to say things the rest of the establishment shies away from.

Because he wants to kick illegals out and finally build and staff the border fence

Because he has no political background - he's not a 'beltway insider', he's not a 'career politician' only concerned with keeping his comfy position.

Because he doesn't need SuperPACs and fundraising to run for President

Because he represents the non-political class, the working class, private business owners and is not just looking out for special interests.

He is even attacking weak spineless RINOs like Boehner, who say they're going to fight and back down at any resistance/blowback

HE HAS NO POLITICAL BACKGROUND - the original politicians in this country were not concerned with their office as a day job. They didn't make a whole lot for being an elected representative. They had real jobs - business owners, farmers, doctors, lawyers and were chosen by their local peers to represent them in Washington when Congress and Senate met a few times a year to debate and write legislation. Then they went back home to their real jobs. The problem with politicians these days is that outside of the President, nothing else is supposed to be a full time job. Once elected, Congressmen and Senators go back into campaign mode for the next cycle to make sure nothing happens to ruin their chances for another term. That's also why big controversial bills/laws are never passed until after elections, so that before it doesn't hurt their chances of re-election and after it gives them time to do damage control and get everyone on their side again before they are up again.

What exactly is racist/sexist about Trump? Name examples without using the phrase "war on women" because that doesn't exist.because the people who are against him are morons, like you. i see morons running one way and i run the other.[Supports Taxing the Rich More](http://money.cnn.com/2015/08/27/news/economy/donald-trump-economy-tax-plan/)Never been to a circus.Hes a fucking clown and its fun watching all the other clowns come out to hear the head dipshit make mouth noises.check out his issues on his campaign website.then check out Bernie Sanders campaign website when you seriously start considering a candidate.talk is cheap and means nothing until its down in writing.trumps a business man and knows that so hell make all kinds of noises from his facehole and let you infer whatever.hes in the race for his own gain,not the nations.You mention his lack of a political background twice. I'm glad you did, because that's how much emphasis I would put on it being a significant positive. This is a man who isn't dedicated to being a fucking shill who will do whatever the corporations ask him to to get ahead. He's ALREADY A CORPORATION and he's ALREADY AHEAD, financially. No one can tell him what he can or can't do once he's seated in the Oval Office.Because Trump has a better chance than Obama of ending the ridiculous polarization in this country. Hahahaha. Just kidding. I'm only on his bandwagon as far as the Republican Nomination.My thoughts exactly.  I think the biggest supporters of Donald Trump are Obama haters  who think payback for Obama getting elected twice is Trump. They STILL mad!  LOL!   They always seem to throw in that they like Ben Carson though to make it seem it's not about race... WHERE EVER!  Exactly! The only people that want him to win are Obama haters... Aka RacistsLol thats extremely ignorant.

I thought I was more of a democrat. But after recently watching many debates, I'm starting to lean more towards Trump.

Now, don't get me wrong - I don't agree with everything he says. I don't agree with everything any possible candidate says.

But - I think he's the lesser of two evils. Do you think illegal immigrants should be allowed to cross the boarder illegally, have a baby, and now they're a citizen for US to take care of? That isn't right. We cant do that in other countries, so why should we let other  countries do this to us? My friend just left Germany from being stationed there. Once his stint was up, they gave him a time frame of when he HAD to be out... This is just one of many things that I agree with.

An American owned company closing it's factories here in the US and going out of this country for cheeper labor? Damn right hit them with a margin/tax to bring their parts back here. That's bullshit.

I'm far from a Trump fanboy - but anyone who is willing to let Illegal Immigrants into this country and wants to take care of them, letting them bypass going through the process of citizenship - is insane.Don't want illegals here? Don't fucking hire them.But then his competition will and he'll get undercut.But then Anchor Babies It's sad that the lesser of two evils is a viable option to begin with. There are so many better options for the GOP. Do some research besides just listening to what the media portrays. I have. Why are you getting so defensive? 

Who would you rather have? Bush? Yeah - thats exactly what we need - another Bush in the office.

Rubio? - nah.While I'm not a Trump supporter at all, and will not vote for him, I definitely don't think there are any better GOP candidates. They're all shit. Trump is just a different fragrance of shit. Either way I probably won't vote for any of them because they all suck. Your a fucking idiot m8. You entertain me to be honestYou're

IronicAh-HA! You've finally uncovered the deep, deep secret of Trump's popularity... RACISM!!!

I love shitlibs the most when you can't caricature them anymore because everything they say and do is Poe's Law in action. 

Next on ShitLibMedia :"All Trump supporters are secret ANTISEMITES!!!"Terms like "shitlib" are the reason Obama got elected twice. You make yourself sound like a close minded fucking idiot. Also, when you making sweeping generalizations of all 'libtards' or anything like that, it pushes anyone in the middle away from *you*, not them. 

If you really cared about the conservative point of view, you should try sounding less moronic. I couldn't give less of a shit about cuckservatives. I guess that answers your question.What?  No, Rubio's parents came over in 1956, before the Castro regime took over.  I can't find information on whether or not the arrived illegally, but I've seen reports that they did travel back to Cuba several times over the years.  This would lead me to believe they immigrated legally.

Also, those fleeing from Cuba to the United States are classified and given asylum. We give political asylum to most people fleeing from communist countries (those who make it to dry land). Trump wants to crack down on the abuses of asylum but I don't think those coming from Cuba would be affected (as long as they don't have a criminal past).  Also, this couldn't/wouldn't be a retroactive policy because it would be unconstitutional to remove existing immigrants' citizenship due to Ex post facto law provisions.Possibly Bobby Jindal, too.  His parents were here on student visas but ended up staying.   It would all depend on how the law is phrased.  Lots of "anchor babies" are from people who are technically here legally but end up staying because they had a kid.Thing is if you go back far enough every non-Native American are results of anchor babies from one line or another. some people had permission to be here.  For example, the French settlers in Louisiana were there with permission.  They lived in relative harmony with them for centuries.  Can't stump the Trump!!If Trump stays in the race through the primaries this is the tone I expect him to adopt. Oh, he'll still have some shocking bombastic outbursts, but overall he will be less screamy. He's already started as far as I can tell - and he needs to continue to tone it down, but be prepared to unload and call out the other candidates, and defend his own actions. Which lately tend to be defending comments he made twenty years ago...Wow. Well, he's sticking true to himself, I guess. His message hasn't changed in nearly 30 years.r/titlegore"We will not be taken advantage of anymore..." ??? Mr Trump and his supporters are ignoring the fact that if every undocumented immigrant in the U.S. were somehow deported, the country would starve overnight. We would collapse, and starve. Every time Mr. Trump (and 98% of everyone else in the U.S.) puts something to eat in his mouth, he is consuming food that was cultivated, harvested, packed or processed by undocumented immigrants. The fact is, there are very few citizens that could do, or are willing to do, the labor that "illegals" do, especially in the fields. Again, Mr. Trump has reached into his toolbox of demagoguery and has come up with utter rubbish. His is a demagoguery laced with hatred and ignorance and schoolyard bully talk. Part of his problem in understanding the folly of his so-called immigration plan is that, unlike the working people that do the hardest work in this country (be they "legal" or not), he has never had to get his hands dirty and blistered and work like a mule under a hot sun for subsistence wages. Mr. Trump inherited his money, and he seems to think this gives him license to excrete the kind of rubbish that wins over the hearts and...(minds?) of other crass individuals.[deleted]I am removing your post because I don't think we should insult people. I am leaving the argument you made below.

> We have automated machinery that could be purchased by farmers instead but they're too cheap. With trump the demand for new farm machinery will soar and so too will good american manufacturing jobs.

Posted by /u/pissedoffdominican 
"We will not be taken advantage of anymore..." ??? Mr Trump and his supporters are ignoring the fact that if every undocumented immigrant in the U.S. were somehow deported, the country would starve overnight. We would collapse, and starve. Every time Mr. Trump (and 98% of everyone else in the U.S.) puts something to eat in his mouth, he is consuming food that was cultivated, harvested, packed or processed by undocumented immigrants. The fact is, there are very few citizens that could do, or are willing to do, the labor that "illegals" do, especially in the fields. Again, Mr. Trump has reached into his toolbox of demagoguery and has come up with utter rubbish. His is a demagoguery laced with hatred and ignorance and schoolyard bully talk. Part of his problem in understanding the folly of his so-called immigration plan is that, unlike the working people that do the hardest work in this country (be they "legal" or not), he has never had to get his hands dirty and blistered and work like a mule under a hot sun for subsistence wages. Mr. Trump inherited his money, and he seems to think this gives him license to excrete the kind of rubbish that wins over the hearts and...(minds?) of other crass individuals.>"We will not be taken advantage of anymore..." ??? Mr Trump and his supporters are ignoring the fact that if every undocumented immigrant in the U.S. were somehow deported, the country would starve overnight. We would collapse, and starve. Every time Mr. Trump (and 98% of everyone else in the U.S.) puts something to eat in his mouth, he is consuming food that was cultivated, harvested, packed or processed by undocumented immigrants. The fact is, there are very few citizens that could do, or are willing to do, the labor that "illegals" do, especially in the fields. 


The thing this writer doesn’t understand is that if US feels that field workers are important, it can introduce a special visa for them and call them in legally. The issue is not immigrants. The country was founded by immigrants. The issue is illegal immigrants. As Trump said, the problem is “rapists” and “murderers”. Legal, controlled immigration is perfectly acceptable. He said “I want to build a fence but I am ok with there being a door”. 

Are you seriously arguing that only way US can have workers is by allowing ANY random person to enter the country?


>Again, Mr. Trump has reached into his toolbox of demagoguery and has come up with utter rubbish. His is a demagoguery laced with hatred and ignorance and schoolyard bully talk. 

America is a bully. Sooner you realise it happier you will be. You are fighting God knows how many wars, hated by billions around the world. For God sake, your high school culture is one of the worst in the world. There is nothing wrong with being a bully.

You need someone strong at the helm who is not afraid to speak his mind, flex his muscles. Look at what Obama did. All talk and no implementation. You think Democrats or Republicans or ANYONE will be able to steam roll Trump like this? You must be dreaming. He is an agent for change. America needs him.


>Part of his problem in understanding the folly of his so-called immigration plan is that, unlike the working people that do the hardest work in this country (be they "legal" or not), he has never had to get his hands dirty and blistered and work like a mule under a hot sun for subsistence wages. Mr. Trump inherited his money, and he seems to think this gives him license to excrete the kind of rubbish that wins over the hearts and...(minds?) of other crass individuals.

For the love of … A drug dealer works plenty hard in hostile working conditions. We should support them? Working hard has nothing to do with the fact that they entered this country illegally, have limited oversight, put their own lives at risk by working illegally, negatively impact the labour market, etc.But L=less than 50% of Hillary's followers are actually realTrump has international appeal.Just cause they vote does not mean they talk to mom and dad that does vote.. Plus we did we vote for prez thru twitter?Not me.  Wait is this article saying Carly Fiorina has more voters as followers than the Trumpster?  Very misleading article.More like, no one besides political junkies gives a shit about Carly Fiorina.Ya the media is propping her up b/c she is the only women in the race its sad really.  She couldn't even get elected to the House how the hell is she going to win the presidency.Fiorina isn't cut out for the Oval Office. I think Fiorina would do really well in a Papa John's commercial.
I'd be fine with this - Finally a president with as much flair as PutinWhen was this filmed March 2007. The match was called Hair vs HairI like Bernie but that was really weak. Trump is the man. [deleted]But the reason that statistic occurs is systematic oppression and white privilege.This is sarcasm, right?Well, he has some strong arguments.Exact URL to this tweet?Get past the paywall: http://translate.google.com/translate?sl=ja&tl=en&u=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.wsj.com%2Farticles%2Fdonald-trump-is-frugal-with-his-cash-in-republican-presidential-race-1439335893%3Fmod%3De2fb[deleted]Google translate can get past paywalls.

I actually have a bookmark in my bookmarks toolbar that, once clicked, opens the page in google translate. Create a new bookmark and put this in the URL field:

    javascript:window.open('http://translate.google.com/translate?sl=ja&tl=en&anno=2&u='+encodeURIComponent(window.location.href))Hero!
A businessman who knows how to save money. Imagine what he can do for America.I just listened to a clip on YouTube of his comment. I dislike Trump strongly. However. For once it didn't seem like he meant it the way everyone took it, at least in my opinion.[deleted]At least learn to spell her name, Donald.Media lying. Nothing new. But it's so obvious that they want to destroy him. Good luck with that.So many wrong things in this picture, including this retard's face.
