So, what was all the rambling about? It seems to be little more than language that didn't mean much of anything.welcome hillary 2016, all fluff with no substance.To my understanding, Illegal Immigrants seem to be a bit of an issue. Don't really see what legit latino citizens have to worry about, if they're in they're in. Mexico though, it seriously needs to get its shit together, I mean hell. What they have to deal with in Mexico? I'm surprised none of them are taken along with the Syrians as refugees, hahaha... When drugs and gangs are out, Mexico could probably do pretty well for itself and not have to rely sneaking off over to the US to make some cash. Feel the problem is bad for both Mexico and the USA respectively, really wish Mexico were in a better way so it'd be a non-issue for either of them.I think she's right - Sanders would be better than Obama.She should get used to wearing that orange.[deleted]Ummm because it's HIGHLY ILLEGAL to store/send/receive TOP SECRET HIGHLY CLASSIFIED data outside of government control. Hillary went out of her way to BREAK THE LAW. What's your malfunction that you don't care about that? [deleted]ya, wot difference does it make mate, rightThey were not classified when sent.That *was* the story. As of today they have found several were classified when she sent them.I guess it is good to get this resolved early in the election cycle.Sounds interesting.  I might look that book up.I want money out of elections, economic equality, police accountability, robber baron banker accountability, radical justice reform, real climate action, the end of the denial of science, the end of private prisons, the breakup of the too big to fail banks, the end of gitmo, the promise America will hold those in power to account for their lawlessness, Jail tortures not whistle blowers, campaign finance reform, repeal citizens united, rebuild our infrastructure.

I could go on and on and on, but I can make this easier for you.  I am going to vote for Bernie Sanders because Clinton will triangulate all these issues into a pile of shit...My primary concern is that Hillary Clinton will ruin this country's future with her pandering to rich contributors and that our democratic system has created an environment that allows for campaigns like hers to stifle the democratic process by diverting the national attention away from candidates that really care about the people's interests, like Bernie Sanders, through the use of manipulative and subversive tactics. Running expensive ad campaigns is one example.

Especially considering she's so detached from the average American youth that she has no clue what their concerns are.Tell him to come work for the grassroots movement, we could use him. Grassroots for Bernie Sanders. If not here's a quote "vote Bernie".https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hFLFBhNeE1Y&feature=youtu.be

Bernie has broken 20% in the polls and has a much stronger platform.Lol. Hillary is doing just fine on her own on this one. Yes I am sure that she would be. Her decision unlikely had nothing to do with Joe. And being Secretary if State may actually provided fuel against her.

I think the real question here is would Joe be running if Hilary was not.I didn't love the songSo cute!
So adorable. The little accent!!Says the woman who makes $250,000 for a ten minute talk?It's sad that she's quoting these statistics. I'm not sure if they were really "the best avaliable" at the time of the speech, but recently we've seen remarkable consensus that videogames do not cause violence. How can anyone listen to this trash and not obviously feel like she is a fool? " This woman is an obvious fascist more interested in restricting freedom than actually working with groups riddled with violence to promote strong family connections and support groups in order to reduce stress and causes of real violence while giving struggling parents the tools they need to grow together
.   We need to keep up the momentum of the past six years. We can't afford to kill healthcare for millions of families or hand the country over completely to Wall Street. If she could preserve the progress we've made, she'd already be a success.

But knowing Hillary and her passion, she won't be content to stop there.[deleted]:DFantastic video. It's the exact opposite of this characterization of Hillary as out-of-touch or presumptive. Her ad puts other people front and center; she keeps her appearance for the end.From the looks of it... NobodyI personally can't wait. As a lifelong liberal older guy I look forward to her being president. I also like her family. Honestly I totally agree with you guys. It was just a joke about how underwhelming this thread is. I came here expecting for it to have exploded.I made it a while ago. Have just let it sit. Not sure what so do with it. How are you doing?Me! This sub is gonna blow up in the coming weeks/months. She's definitely the frontrunner for the DNC nomination.

Personally, I look forward to a healthy debate and discussion on her polices. Let's just remember that, while this is a sub for a democratic candidate for the US President, we welcome all forms of discourse on the complex system that is the election of the US Presidency.

As to your concern of the lack of interest of Secretary Clinton's announcement, this sub has mostly been dead due to the lack of commentary on a race that really hasn't begun until these last couple of weeks. Hopefully, we'll see a rise of content and interest in the coming months as election season kicks off.

Edit: grammarOopsLolSince casting my first vote ever in the 2008 primary! She's my hero and I don't know of anyone more qualifiedSanders?I am.  I was all ready for her in 2008 until Obama came in and took the nomination.  While I'm glad to have had him as president the last 8 years, I'm still looking forward to Hillary.Who's ready?  Hillary's ready.  Don't f'k this up for her, America.I'm pretty ready for Hillary.  I think the country is too.  And I think she is ready for the Presidency.

We'll see.